Bridget hey I came to make a citizen's
arrest Oh Congrats touchy these days
we're less than six feet apart I believe
I think we're okay
I mean just a mask well you don't you
got tested and I've been tested too I
got one of the Joe Rogan test I feel
special you are special
did you see that the LA is there they
have a number now we could turn in
businesses that are flying like what
what is going on why what is this who's
doing that but this is bad government
listen
there's zero effort talking about giving
people information that how to
strengthen your immune system zero yes
zero effort zero effort
talking people about lowering stress
levels through meditation and exercise
zero yes zero the importance of keeping
your body healthy
zero zero talk about this yeah they zero
concentrating on the the the new data
that's coming in about vitamins and all
the different vitamin C's yes dr. Rhonda
Patrick knocked it out of the park on
the podcast yesterday fuck man it's
crazy these people were just like stay
home locked up snitches get stitches
this basic childhood etiquette well they
were first given snitches for people who
are violating social distancing but now
they're moving on to businesses that are
non-compliant but how are you supposed
to make money how are you supposed to
make money I don't understand this like
what is the thought but here's the crazy
thing
Garcetti said we're gonna keep LA on at
least partial lockdown until there's a
cure okay it's not gonna be a cure you
fucking dummy it's a virus and it's
isn't it a cold virus yes yeah sure
viruses yeah and unless you find a way
to eradicate it from the actual gene
pool but did he actually say that yes
sure you can't say that first of all I'm
sure what he meant is like a viable
treatment that you know a vaccine but
they're saying that even a vaccine
there's never been a corona virus
vaccine mayor LA will never become never
completely reopen until we have a cure
that's his that's his quote
that that just seems I mean we don't
have a cure for the flu that poor lady
who is the health lady someone needs to
give her a steak and let her lie outside
the Sun would Jesus Christ you're the
health lady I heard you're moving she's
on the wires we were all talking about
it all of us talked about it everyone
all my friends Oh
Kalen job Joey Diaz everyone you can
just a cult Davidian around about all
these people hide the fact they have a
cult ten years your article ten years
from now it says Waco and ya know Joe
we're just gonna call it the cult we
just will have the band play the cult
sanctuary join if you started yeah for
underrated band removal machine holy
fuck that's a good jam to work out - I
would probably join your calls thank you
basically everybody if you're nice just
be nice and tell the truth and if you
fuck up tell the truth about that well
we love you this is the idea of the cult
we just call it the calls uh-huh and we
just get a gigantic chunk of land
somewhere and start building dude what
do I have to pay that's where everything
goes wrong here's just two ways things
go wrong the cult leader that's a
problem you never have a cult leader so
you're not the leader there's no leader
there is an amorphous cult
yeah I think everybody should be
informed and get to vote that's how it
should be okay but you have to be
informed just vote you should got to be
informed and get devoted you're starting
your own state thousand acres that's all
we need a few thousand acres in like
Colorado or shit I got some plans I've
been looking at Idaho Wyoming Idaho by
the way Boise is I don't even want to
talk about it right now on the podcast I
want to blow it up for Boise they get
mad at me when I talk about going I
they're like don't give away our secret
let everyone go to Texas I did a show
him Boise a little over a year ago and I
was like I feel like I should not tell
people about this like you guys have
this really cool
town Boise's is a really cool town it's
a little red but hey I get along with
people that are red by the way more a
lot of times than I get along with
people that are like ideologically left
like without thinking about it
right now you know I'm saying like
there's there's people that are left cuz
they're compassionate
right and then you know they want people
to have freedom and the choice to do
whatever they want to do with their body
and were you raised
Democrat no yeah yes okay raised hippie
my stepfather had long hair down was ass
my parents went from New Jersey like
really italian neighborhood to San
Francisco okay became a hippie but my
stepdad was a hippie when my mom met him
and then we moved across the country
when I was seven okay
we lived in San Francisco in like in the
middle of like where Lombard Street is
say you're just flower children gay
people and fuck this war like I was in
San Francisco in the Vietnam War broke
okay when I was a little kid when it
ended when when the war ended rather and
I remember thinking like wow they're
never gonna have war again they figured
it out thank God because I was worried
you know there's people that were around
me that we you know if there was younger
folks they were worried about being
drafted you know and so you were pretty
indoctrinated with all that oh yeah okay
but it's I don't think that's what's
going on here with with the left today
there's a lot of weird cult shit it
really is like cult shit it's like
religious shit it's like instead of
thinking rationally and looking at the
faults of both sides the faults of one
side are completely ignored or
exonerated or you know you find a way to
forgive it or to find out for you do
mental gymnastics and you can let them
get away with all sorts of heinous shit
privacy invasion invading shit but going
after whistleblowers drone attacks like
fucking across the board yeah everything
right but I would say this is true about
the Magus - oh yeah yeah you know
there's there's a certain amount of I
mean speaking of called it's a little
bit like dear leader II they fell into
something they fell into something you
know they fell into the the spell of a
powerful
figure that's right they do they feel
like they don't have a word in like they
don't they're not represented first of
all it's really hard for assholes to
find a king like all Kings are noble
like most of the the people that were
running for president most people that
were president they were at least
outwardly noble they weren't the type of
people that talked shit on someone's
cross on a horse face on Twitter you
know so there's a certain amount of
dignity they're dignified to a certain
extent and Trump is Trump love him or
hate him he's a Trump and assholes have
a king now they never had a came before
and there's a lot of assholes it's a
it's a large market well what's
interesting I think on the left and what
you're saying is it's more of a religion
and it's it's a free-floating ideology
that everybody's a bit enamored by but
they don't have that one personality
that they rally around and they focus on
shown a feel like they don't have a
voice either so it's very similar
feelings I think that drive that and
it's similar also in that the really far
left people are the ones that people
point to when they mock the left whereas
the vast majority of them don't fall
into that right and I've been hard on
the left hard on them and and rightfully
so I think to a certain extent because I
do see a lot of this stuff like the
language policing and the erosion of the
freedom of speech to a certain extent as
deeply terrifying but I've kind of been
saying I see fascism
you know on all sides kind of
encroaching there's elements of it the
creepy worship of the cult of
personality the you know just abiding by
this mob mentality and I've just been
I've been feeling pretty nihilistic but
isn't it also because you've been locked
up no no that's normal for me making you
feel more nihilistic I've never felt
less optimistic about people's ability
to govern themselves so this American
experiment is supposed to be one in
which it's smaller government and we we
can you know we're adults were grownups
and now I feel like every
he's ratting on everybody else
everyone's looking to somebody to save
them or tell them what to do there's
this lack and it comes to the culture is
just so lack of resilience
you know just psychological resilience
and so I don't know i-i've been feeling
you don't know who to believe where do
you get where do you get your news from
where where do you get your trusted news
from it's a good question I don't I've
been not getting news
like I just skimmed through things these
days it's so frustrating there's first
of all there's too many series to follow
there's the Obama Gate series gotta
follow that nutcase nutcase the the the
CD sitting president exiting president
literally hires or gets the FBI to
investigate Trump I don't know anything
about Obama gate but I did see a
takedown of Obama gate that was pretty
harsh where the guy was like it's
basically relies on you having to
believe a series of conspiracy theories
in order for it to even hold up and I am
just gonna sit here right now before
everyone's all like I know nothing about
Obama gate and I actually don't give a
shit I might have in an older video
there might have been an old oh it's
from last night mmm listen to Jimmy
doors video on it Jimmy doors video is
excellent and yeah he breaks down
exactly what the administration did yeah
and that it's illegal and that you're
you're you're essentially using the FBI
to spy on Trump and then when it turned
out that all that Russia stuff that they
were claiming was going to happen didn't
take place and that they knew it wasn't
really happening to begin with that what
they were saying was all exaggerating
and hyperbole and they were trying to
turn it into something that it wasn't
I don't know not good it's not good
because what's the other story that we
need to follow yeah there's so many
series there's so many going on right
now right this is Joe Biden losing his
fucking mind
oh like do they have him locked in a
basement somewhere and they're pumping
up with steroids and coke right before
he does right they do like a whole
fortnight thing where he was gonna be a
you know what are they called a hologram
and fortnight or something
like this is gonna be our first to
hologram hologram debate do you put
anything beyond the realm of possibility
at the point that we're at though in in
the world that would feel like we live
in a fuckin simulation it does Kevin
Bros you know Kevin rose from dig he put
something up on his page a couple of
days ago i retweeted it it's the new
Unreal Engine Unreal 5 oh I saw that
he's fucking insane it's fucking insane
it's like movie stuff and it's in game
action so yeah in game action now
there's there's a scene where the the
character that you're play it's a third
person game and you're moving this girl
around and she runs up this hill and as
she runs up the hill you see like rocks
falling and you see the shadows it's
spectacular and Kevin said you know he
tweeted it to me and he said look at
this and imagine I believe he said 25 50
100 years from now of course we're in a
simulation because this is this is going
to be just as realistic and 25 50 100
years from now as the world that you're
experiencing right now but isn't there
the question that we don't know that
this isn't is the question I mean Nick
Bostrom explained it to me that I was my
feeble brain was having a hard time
calculating but he's basically saying
that according to probability theory we
are in a simulation it's more probable
that we are then that we're not my
friend was saying that they would start
doing things like this leading you to
believe you're in a simulation of people
and the simulation started becoming
self-aware they'd start making you think
you're in a simulation so that you could
doubt it of course little built-in
failsafe yeah of course but that makes
sense right
so I'm gonna ask you Jimmy door you get
news from him I do news from Kyle
kolinsky Jimmy door my political news is
all from the hill Jimmy door and Kyle
kolinsky the hill is crystal and soccer
I always say his name wrong that they
have a really good political show okay
Kyle kolinsky is very well-versed in
exactly what's going on and he's
critical both sides as his Jimmy Dore
like Jimmy do neither one of those is
partisan both those guys even though
they're left both progressive guys
they're very open minded right and
they're very honest about what's what's
going wrong and what's wrong about it
Jimmy Dore especially he has some
fucking epic rants an epigram definitely
about when people tried to whitewash the
the negative things that happened during
the Obama administration he's like you
guys are gas lighting people look this
is what happens when you have your
standard you know this is this is the
relationship right a guy goes into
office he promises a bunch of stuff
can't really do them but people like the
way he talks does some things that maybe
aren't so good you find out later and
then he gets out and he makes shit loads
of money doing speeches and jimmy dore
highlights that that he's making
he even openly talking about that press
Correspondents Dinner you know that joke
yeah yeah yeah he talked about I was
gonna try those lines out at Goldman
Sachs yeah yeah he said he was gonna
make him some serious tougher taking
over all the streaming I saw a whole
thing about how the Obamas I think are
they're getting into the streaming game
and I read somewhere that the Clintons
are that could be wrong well the Obamas
apparently have some sort of a deal with
Netflix to produce shows documentaries
and then they have a deal where they do
in podcaster did you like Obama great
I'd like him as a spokesperson and as
like as a figurehead of who the
president is I mean he's a handsome guy
he's incredibly articulate really
well-spoken the way speaks is like a
statesman you know I mean he's always
calm and collected there's a lot about
him I really like there's a lot about
him but politics is a crazy messy
impossible to do right business then no
one is nailed especially at the highest
levels no one's nailed it I don't know
why he didn't do what he said he was
gonna do before he got into office I
don't know what they revealed to him I
don't know but when you listen if
someone does an accurate job of breaking
down what went wrong particularly what's
going on with this Flynn case where
they're trying to drop all the charges
and
some new judges coming in saying no
we're not dropping shit I just feel so
ill-equipped to process this stuff yeah
because I'm not a lawyer I'm not a
politician I'm an idiot on YouTube right
here and I don't know anything and and I
often hear even in my comments on the
dumpster fire they're like oh I get all
my news from you and Joe are you no no I
am NOT a trusted news source but that
I'm like but I don't know who is yeah I
don't know who is either I'm here to
talk shit okay and if I'm wrong which is
often I will let you know I'm not here
to lie but I'm here to talk shit yeah I
mean I I don't the the show we just
basically make fun of how bonkers
everything is and I but I don't have any
answers I don't know what the freaking
pathway forward out of this ship show is
it seems like it's gonna get worse
before it gets better which is my fear
it certainly is gonna get worse it has
to get worse unless the world starts
back up and there's some sort of a shift
in treatment some sort of a shift in and
how much more survivable the disease is
it's pretty survivable the disease are
we back to no that's wrong everything
right now
right I mean dissolved the politics is
just amplified what that is it's like
gasoline to the fire of partisanship yes
everybody's in a panic and everyone's
fearful and so many people are gonna be
unemployed and when people are
unemployed that's when Hitler kicked in
right because people were a true injury
I know I know you're not making any
arguments against the Trump is literally
Hitler I think he's Trump I think he's
always been the same guy it's just that
now they've expected so much more of
them no I think statesmen yeah and I
think people are desperate and that's
what scares me is that you know even in
the city there's just more crime in my
neighborhood there's more now it runs
Mara fucking mask to do crime yeah yeah
that's what you do you're either
superhero you commit crimes and I
definitely see it's weird like
where I live in LA is a bit of a
crossroads area and it's a little bit
like crossroads of the big freeways and
some of the big arteries of the road the
roads and it's at night because
everybody's locked down it's all the
like drifters and homeless people and it
feels fucking weird when you go out in
LA at night it's all just it's exam B's
yes nothing's open yeah so it's
nothing's open and no one's on the road
but there there's just like this kind of
drifter population in LA and there and
they're the only ones that you see so
it's so highlighted right now does
anybody do a tally on how many more
homeless people there are what I wonder
it is 40% increase I just saw last night
over the next 12 months I think a 40%
increase so go from 70,000 to like what
is that 85 87,000 something that's what
in the fuck what the fuck I mean it's
hitting LA hard because most of the
people were like freelancers you know
everybody's everybody's in the gig
economy here everyone I fucking knew
drew drove uber who is trying to make it
as a comic or trying to make it as any
creative is doing as a side hustle so
you take away like the make think about
it the makeup artists all the people who
are working on in music all the people
that are no longer and work because
there are no live music shows all the
people lighting it's it's so bottomless
in this town I'm I'm worried about LA it
should you should be worried because we
have a guy who's running it the things
that the solution is keep everybody home
that's not the solution now and and now
they're saying crazy things like I'll
read you a quote because this quote is
fucking nuts
someone send it to me and I read it and
I was like is that real did he really
say that
and he was talking about the mandatory
wearing of masks and so this is the
quote he said bring your mask with you
whenever you leave your home Garcetti
said that will help us get more freedoms
what that will help us get more freedoms
I'm fine with wearing a mask
and establishments banks or wherever but
walking like on a walk with my dog with
no one around
I'm not giving anyone the fucking
coronavirus you're stopping our freedoms
yeah I fucking it up for everybody
Bridget I go on get our freedoms drive
around with your mask on see an eye
again I think here's my suggestion
please get two constitutional lawyers on
your show and have them debate the
constitutionality of this because I
would like to I know there's precedent
there were two states that voted that
the lockdowns were even now they voted
in favor of them and so I think Michigan
was one and I can't remember the other
one maybe Pennsylvania or somewhere so
there's precedent and and and there are
people who are saying this isn't
violating our rights but I would really
love to hear to people who aren't idiots
like me have a discussion about whether
or not this is the case well Wisconsin
overturned it and then they had all
these bars and all these people were
just getting hammered in the bars people
are really pissed off because the bars
are packed with people I think people
getting pissed off because it looks like
fun that's what I think I think they're
using the excuse like oh you're gonna
transmit the disease I think what's
really going on is they don't anybody
having any fun and they're depressed now
and when people are depressed misery
loves company they want everybody to be
depressed they don't want anybody
fucking listen the Garth Brooks sing and
I got friends in low places throwing
back Jack Daniels and high-fiving each
other hey that was my upbringing
Minnesota you just described my high
school years that's a great song when
you're hammered you're hammered a
country-western bar comes on time Jack
Daniels through that you just described
my exact I saw any kind of whiskey
bringing in the Buffalo Trace bring
gimme what's that uh give me some of
that Dan Akroyd skull vodka what's that
stuff called crystal skull vodka yeah I
I think that most people can balance the
two worries you know their concern about
their their their family their economics
a lot of people are worried about their
own safety and sickness it's
just theirs if you look online you would
think there's just two groups the like
people who are shut-ins and the people
who are or you know like Grandma killers
or whatever but I think most people live
in the gray they live in the area of
saying okay we understand that this is
new and we don't know really shit about
it and I understood it as we were
supposed to stay home so we could
flatten the curve which I thought we did
we sure flattened and however are places
like the hospital's catch up which and
now they're going on a business because
there's no one there yeah yeah and they
said we need more ventilators well now
turns out that the people that go on the
ventilators doctors are killing people
well that's when Michael Yost doctor sue
me not funny it's not funny it's funny
but it's it's it's I know people who are
worried and I've I've had family you
know I have a family member in the
hospital right now I'm I'm concerned but
it's also they don't know they I'm not
sure that they've tested him yet but um
that was the other thing they it's weird
when they test you and they don't and so
I don't mean to laugh it it's a serious
thing any loss of life but that happens
a lot well that's the problem
is that we are only thinking of kovat
and meanwhile the flu is still here
people are still dying from the flu
tuberculosis is still killing people
left and right the heart disease is
ruthless yeah cancer is not stopping all
these things are happening to people
right now while we're worried about
kovat it just highlights how fragile we
are yeah
it's that old saying that's been around
forever that soft times make soft people
yes is just what we're seeing right now
we've had some soft fucking times and
now all the sudden a huge dose of
adversity in a point where there's
nothing you can do about it it used to
be when when people when their business
failed
you could probably point to one thing
like oh he got sick or oh they
lost alone or oh he started drinking or
oh whatever you could point to a reason
why the business went under now it's you
can't work right well let you worry that
can't even make the decision yourself to
work right crazy and there again I
believe there was precedent for lock
downs like in the 1918 flu pandemic I
think there this isn't because you know
you talk about adversity and when this
first started happening and people were
asked to do this there it
I understand taking away someone's
livelihood and not giving them any right
to work is obviously something that's
bullshit but also no one's had to make
any sacrifice either so we're talking
about a generation that hasn't
experienced most much adversity and has
an experience having to sacrifice
because my grandfather went off to war
you know when he was 18 years old he got
drafted he didn't get drafted he just
went because it was World War two but he
sacrificed there was a attitude of
sacrifice that you made for your country
and so people I think the reason people
got so on board behind this was they
felt like it was they were doing the
right thing their civic duty that I mean
I think a lot of it was fear for their
own health but I also think that it was
a sense of civic pride and duty and I
actually don't think that's a bad thing
that people rallied to help save our
most vulnerable people that's that's
good but at what point are we now
hurting more people than we're saving
yeah I totally agree with you my my
thoughts on the lockdown in the
beginning were this is great because
this shows that people can act together
to protect people when they're not
worried about it themselves I wasn't
worried about it myself I know a lot of
people who weren't worried about it well
if I get sick I'm healthy and I take
care of my body and it seems like
according to the actual statistics I'm
gonna probably be okay right some people
aren't so let's lock down right let's
lock down let's not go anywhere let's
just let this challenge true what's
going on yeah let it ride out this super
smart people figure this out and the
images coming out of Italy we're
terrifying and
you know my friend was in Italy they
were in lockdown in Rome for months and
they were all singing from balconies and
she said she was saying watching America
from Italy is funny because you guys are
so partisan about everything
you cannot just she's like we've been
through so many wars in Italy that it
just there's a sense that the community
can suck it up and rally together for a
little bit for the good of the community
yeah but it was also a 10,000 people and
I think what we're experiencing now is
what happens when people who are in
power don't understand the
responsibility that they have and they
also don't understand that this is a
multi-faceted problem right you can't
just look at hospitals and PPE and old
people that are dying you have to look
at the fucking economy you have to look
at all the human beings that are
sacrificing people that are losing their
jobs right people they're losing their
livelihoods for no reason that makes
sense to them there's they're being
forced to not work and they don't get it
doesn't make sense
yeah there's and they're gonna be angry
and there's so many and rightfully
there's so many groups too that you know
I worry about small businesses like
they're never gonna recover and this is
really unfortunately the kind of March
of Amazon and all of these places that
have now suddenly you have any little
small business mom-and-pop so I started
doing like free advertisements for small
businesses I might not huge podcasts
that I have but just to help people out
but can they work can they can these
people well they can well they this one
particular it's a hundred-year-old
company and they sell clothes up in
Portland and it is a dad and like his
son who were running it and they were
about to celebrate their 100 years and
they can sell the clothes online but
because I had so many huge brand so many
huge stores cancel their orders and when
companies name I have to I have to like
this woman you should be preparing sorry
I didn't know I was gonna bring let's
try to pump them up um and the other
thing that I was thinking about a lot
gets her name before you forget though
because otherwise
you keep talking so tell me about the
fact you're doing that though that's
really cool what what have you been
hearing from your audience like people
who people are scared
they're worried but the people that are
prone to fear are really scared because
they're concentrating on the worst act
worst aspects the disease and all my
friends are ease the biggest pussy
he's scared more than anybody everybody
else is basically were not worried about
it and you know don't doesn't want to
get it but I know now I know nine people
that have gotten it and everyone's been
fine except from Michael yo and I also
found out yesterday that Michael yo told
me that not only did he do all those
things like fly to New York do all that
radio do the two different shows do the
shows at night fly back on very little
sleep and then drive to Vegas and drive
home but he's also vitamin D deficient
so he when he saw the Rhonda Patrick
podcast and saw the post that I put up
on Instagram that showed how you know
there's a massive difference between the
number of people that are in critical
condition in the ICU that are vitamin D
deficient versus vitamins vitamin D
sufficient and the vitamin D sufficient
was really low like 4% whereas the
vitamin D deficient was a huge
percentage of the people that were in
the ICU huge and this is not just in
this was in Indonesia there was a study
in New Orleans and a study in somewhere
else but all of them came to a very
similar conclusion I mean it doesn't
mean that vitamin D is going to
absolutely protect you from this but
Rhonda Patrick on if you go to my
Instagram post she actually breaks down
why this is significant when someone
else was a little bit critical about it
she stepped in and and broke down why it
was so important 70 percent also of the
u.s. population is vitamin D
insufficient and 28.9% are deficient in
vitamin D deficient in vitamin D is very
bad yeah that's twenty eight point nine
percent of our entire population Wow
so more than a quarter of our population
is deficient in a really important
hormone yeah cuz it's a hormone it's not
just a vitamin she was breaking it down
in a brilliant way on the podcast and I
like her a lot
she's a wizard she is a wizard I and now
we can't go outside you can go outside I
mean I can go outside but we can go we
they open the trails right well some
places some places not okay I got some
of the beaches they had closed and they
had the beach is closed in all the
Republican areas what's the name of the
Portland Place it's I always messed up
how to say it it's de hann its deh en
1920 which is when they have been in
business and they have cool clothes and
so they opened right after the Spanish
flu pandemic and right before the Great
Depression yeah and they wrote it out
all and they were about to sentence and
you know brick-and-mortar businesses
were already in trouble and now this is
just the nail in the coffin so what's
the website called its D deh en 9 19 20
yeah deh en 1920 dot-com go support them
support them so we've been talking to
just I you know I reached out to my
audience and a lot of people are ok and
so they're willing to make the sacrifice
a lot of people have their own health
worries that they're worried about oh
people who are overweight or diabetic
are obviously more concerned and that's
a problem in our country one of the
things that I've been thinking a lot
about is just the school and my uncle
and I were talking about this that year
you know especially the vulnerable kids
kids who are at home in homes that are
abusive or kids who already are at a
disadvantage maybe they they live and
they're just like in the vulnerable
communities and they're really education
is one of the only ways kind of out of
their circumstances and now there's
already something I believe it's called
the summer gap and they they fall very
far behind because they don't have like
summer camps and they don't have all the
access that some other kids do and now
they're missing almost a year or half of
a year six months and this is time and
that these kids are never going to get
back so I'm worried about those kids you
know they're there are so many all of
this stuff it hurts the poorest
you know really it's a it's a disease
that hurts it's not even it's a divider
yeah but it's a it's a monetary thing
really it really comes down to if you're
poor you're gonna this is going to hurt
you
this is also a disease where wealthy
people can lose everything
people that have had like a really good
run and had a great business and built
it up for years and years and years and
worked hard all of a sudden boom it
could be gone you could have nothing
right so happy impossible have you heard
anecdotally just stories of that who
owned gyms that's that's one of the
things that kills me too all these like
jiu-jitsu places and the places where
kids go can't little camps there's a
place by me that's one of the gymnastics
places that I used to take the autistic
kids to go to and I don't know how
they're gonna make it and justifying
keeping kids out of school it's not a
disease
that is killing kids the amount of kids
that die from this disease are very
small much smaller than the flu much
smaller so if you look at how many kids
died from the flu and you look at how
many kids die from Kovan we'd be
terrified of the flu yeah yet we'll let
our kids go to school with teachers and
we're not checking these teachers to
make sure these teachers don't have the
flu
yeah and they often go teach with the
flu yeah the real question is do the
teachers have something and can they
give to the kids and the kids go home
and touch grandma and give it to her and
give it to people that are vulnerable
yeah that's a real question but that's
not insurmountable that's something you
need to test people for what's
insurmountable is keeping schools closed
what's insurmountable is keeping
businesses closed it's not
insurmountable to test everybody that's
not that hard that's way easier than
asking the entire economy to pause for
half a fucking year because you don't
have any a better answers right I mean
that's what's so upsetting is the
failure to have planned at all for
anything like this like you're gonna
shut the whole fucking economy off with
no plan and then they're basically like
here's 1,200 dollars a piece good luck
to you good luck and fuck you
got CBD in it don't be scared Tim Dylan
was really he was scared yeah Mike
scared yeah blessed cuz he's so clean
and sober and doing so well alright it
used to be I know that's why I said are
you scared no I'm not scared
not psychoactive no no yeah I am worried
about III always thought check on these
the people I'm like how's everyone doing
cuz the other thing that bothers me and
worries me is mental health like I have
a lot of single female friends and they
haven't hugged anyone in like two months
you know there that just the lack that
this is what we do to people when we put
them in prison and we put we put people
in isolation because it's really one of
the worst things you can do to a human
yes and so all of these people in
isolation who might already be wrestling
with depression anxiety or whatever you
know mental like illness or problems I
have now are alone and isolated and I
don't I'm worried I'm worried about
people yeah you're right actually
yeah it's not good it's not good for
single men single women single anybody
now it's actually folks I mean have you
ever been moved to a place where you
didn't have any friends yeah I moved
over here and I have very very familiar
with sitting I can't not watch people
sit alone and eat like especially in a
lunch room because it's trigger alert
it's too much like oh I was the girl
sitting alone for so long I remember
when I first moved to LA in 94 I came
out here to do a TV show and I didn't
know anybody so I basically went to the
set and then I went to the comedy store
and I went to the gym and that's
basically it I don't have any friends
for a long time and I remember I was on
the set and this girl gave me a hug and
I remember thinking god it feels so good
like not not just a hug weren't dating
or anything no no no she's just like no
no I mean you went in this time when
you're like gym and your little hand
wasn't no I was just doing this stupid
TV show and I had a girlfriend back in
New York but we're kind of on the outs
and then I was just sort of settling in
whether or not I was gonna stay out
there happy good with vodka it's
delicious right I record this is the
grape one but anyway this girl hugged me
on the set and
I don't think I've ever gone that long
without a hug right great and it was
like a couple weeks and I was like oh
like I feel like I like when you're
thirsty yeah you get a drink of water
not just every hug feels good it's like
yeah but this was different this is like
I needed it yeah
because people do need to people need
each other we need each other yeah part
of the reason I read a really
interesting article part of the reason
that Italy the death toll was so high is
there's a lot more intergenerational
contact so the younger people are
hanging out with their grandparents more
than we do here and in America also they
smoke a lot I mean those fucking people
are all smokers over there it's crazy
it's like the 90s you don't care about
cancer and then it kind of goes through
and you know ravages nursing homes here
and that's crazy
once it gets into nursing homes but so
many of the people who worked in nursing
homes work at multiple nursing homes we
should be making sure that they're not
just spreading it I was reading this
thing that they were criticizing Andrew
Cuomo for making all people go back to
nurse I know cuz they tested positive
and then they sent them back that is so
crazy
yeah this article was I was like how has
no one brought this up that's in any of
these discussions on the mistakes that
have been made yeah when you asked me
why I feel nihilistic it's like our
leaders have failed us I don't think
they knew I don't think they understood
and also I think they're in a situation
where they had a clear room in the
hospitals because these new patients
were coming in and they were running out
of space you know the the New York City
situation is a different situation they
got it way worse than anybody else
they've had more than I think last time
I checked it was like 25,000 deaths
whereas the entire state of California
is only like 1,800 or so yeah it's low
here very low here and I I think it's a
lot of it's because the governor acted
quickly but I think you gotta let go of
the reins man I do think it's part of
that I also think we don't use public
transportation as much and that we're
not as on top of each other and we live
even though we might all interact we're
pretty isolated in LA jack herer I
called it
only a city in the world it's definitely
a city where everyone still even driving
we're all in our little pods alone
Hunter s Thompson at the best
description of LA he said it's like a
graveyard from the future oh wow
well now it's an actual worry in the
graveyard well guess what hunter we've
caught up to the future yeah yeah so I
think there's something to be said yeah
something to be said for just how
isolated we are already and just the
actual physical distance you know we
have more land we're not all in
apartments going up and down the same
fucking elevator you know there's just
so much more some people not as many as
New York no not as many News New York
but still I bet that's an issue where
people do live in apartments I bet it's
more of an issue touching the same
elevator buttons and all that stuff it's
very complicated making a lot of sense
about New York dough but I think also
the Sun is a factor to the fact that
people are not getting any Sun you know
no one's outside you're not getting any
vitamin D and if you're not
supplementing you're not getting that
and I think that also they're getting a
different strain of the virus because
they're getting a strain that comes from
Europe
oh yeah we're getting the strain from
China we got Gog yeah we got the og the
oh geez milder I think naming weed
strains after this yet off sure someone
must have oh fucking Co vid 19 killer
yeah they're like a woman she went back
in the 1970s and smoked some hippy weed
like in San Francisco you bleep bitch
what are you guys smoking you smoke a
whole joint to get high off this carbon
right yeah I think that's how it is with
the virus too I think the Chinese
version of the virus is not nearly as
rugged as the virus that went all the
way through Europe because it morphed
yeah but again I'm a moron so what the
fuck what are we now for we're like
actually I don't understand what a gene
is I know how to spell it
and I could I could point you to some
papers that I've read so how have you
been handling it um initially I was
scared
no bullshit like we stocked up on food
and I was worried about a bunch of
things first of all I was worried about
the guns there's so many people that
were buying guns I was like whoa this
ain't good like people that don't know
how to use a gun never shot a gun
they're all lining up to buy guns and
then there was a lot of my friends were
super liberal who never wanted guns who
were asking me how to get guns how do
you shoot a gun where to
that was hilarious watching liberals
learn about their gun laws I'm like you
guys voted for the that my friends would
be like do you have to wait 10 days yeah
no shit idiot like what do you think
you've been voting for here but that's a
good thing though we should you know
that's good thing the bad thing is you
waited until a pandemic to get a gun
yeah that's the bad thing but I'm also
just shocked at people who are so
anti-gun don't act if you're gonna be
anti-gun know your laws I have a great
story my friend I will not name him but
he's always had guns when he was younger
and he's married and they have a kid and
his wife was like no fucking guns you're
never gonna have a gun in this house
we're never gonna have a gun he's like
okay fine pandemic goes down lockdown we
need to get a gun get a gun go out get
it she's like but what you said she's
like fuck what I said get a fucking gun
like immediately it's like yelling at
him we need a gun we need a gun so he
went out and bought two guns yeah it's
not gonna take much before Shaco
sideways in this town we have to be
careful all you fucking liberals here in
California because you will turn this
state Republican you will do it with all
this craziness you keep things locked
down if Texas starts thriving and all
these other states start thriving and
they're doing well a Utah starting to
open up all the states are opening up if
they start thriving and the cases go
down we understand better treatment
methods and people take better care of
their bodies and using smart nutrition
California is gonna be fucked and
someone's gonna come along and exploit
that okay this is what I would have done
and this is what I'll do now no like
fuck yeah Newport Beach will come out
new for Huntington Beach well do every
100 percent voted 100 percent voted even
dead people vote in Huntington Beach
Republican we I wouldn't it wouldn't
hurt for our state to go purple I would
like to see some balance some
libertarian type shit well I just think
there's no balance at all in California
it's so one-sided there's no we need
balance it's one sided ideologically
meaning that but it's one sided actually
two yeah but I mean it's one sided
subscribing to an ideology do you think
I I would disagree with that liberal
ideology
I think there's a strong liberal
ideology yes I also think there is a
strong libertarian bent that just isn't
vocal yeah they can't be
yeah but we're once in Hollywood is one
sided ideology yeah this area like if
you're in the movie business or the
television business any place where you
have to get hired the difference between
podcasts stand-up and then having to get
hired is massive and you see these
people that have been infected right you
see these stand-up comics they've been
infected by their connection to
Hollywood so they'll spout up some
liberal horseshit and then you you quote
you ask him on you question them on it
and they don't have a great rational
response but they know the virtuous
thing to say especially public when
you're on a podcast publicly they know
the thing they have to say to be
ingratiating with all these people that
are gonna hire them for projects right
it's really fucked up because it's like
it's like a form of self-censorship
by limiting your your employment options
well this is how I ended up in this
space as I was I got picked up by a
manager for a script and we were gonna
either try and sell a show or get into a
writers room and then on Twitter I was
like why am i self censoring and I was
doing comedy a lot and I kept feeling
like I couldn't say I was self censoring
around my comedian peers and I was like
this is fucking weird comedians are
supposed to be like the people saying
all the shit you can't say and all the
time and so I started just be I became
aware of that I'm like what would happen
if I said the things I wasn't saying on
Twitter and it was like a a it was
people were like thank you and B I lost
a lot of friends I lost people who end
people because then there's that whole
guilt by association yes and then my
life took on a whole other path but I
never heard from those managers by
association thing is real where people
think that you shouldn't talk to people
that have different ideas or talk to
people that have somehow another
embraced these different ideas it's very
interesting to watch
it's weird because I grew up so my dad
is one of 10 and we grew one one brother
went off and became like commie and in
Germany and one home I mean he he was it
was the 80s he was following he I don't
know he went off on a journey and I had
enough everybody there was a Republican
uncle and there were you know one my
uncle's was gay and it was a whole
mishmash of and my grandparents were
like you do not fight about politics
everyone's allowed to have their opinion
but you don't you don't like lose family
members that's why this whole thing I'm
like you need to go to Thanksgiving and
confront your Fox watching you know
parents they there are always articles
like around Thanksgiving where you use
like go home and confront you everyone
who writes those articles is mentally
ill they're all mentally ill
anxiety-ridden with our rotting
foundation hey hey you really think that
it's a good idea to confront your fox
news watching relatives and yell at them
over Thanksgiving you fucking idiot no
that's not what it's what you're not
gonna fix them and change them no no
it's not gonna happen we got to do is
make an awful thing an awful holiday
experience for the family yeah yeah ruin
it and again I'm you know blood is
thicker than water it's just one that we
were really raised to be tolerant like
ideologically tolerant well that's
what's the first thing cults do they
separate you from your parents yeah yeah
the first thing so far if someone says
you need to get away from your parents
oh look someone's starting to call ya
well that's how I feel I'm dumpster
fireworks like our update on our cults
because we always say Megan Markel to
carry and like now he's in a cult hidden
like her called what is it called I
don't know but she separated from his
family
she moved him to another country there
are a lot of red flags he has no friends
he's completely isolated in LA he's
probably never got to be careful know
the partier yeah I'm sure you saw what
happened
dude flew over to Epstein Island that
guy's fuck I was the older one that's
our guys name Andrew Andrew he's fucked
he's fucked it got him out of the castle
he's gone he's got to get a job now they
kicked him out rear oil money what was
he doing he was fucking the girls I'm
aware it's a horrific story no that shit
is as dark as it gets as it is as a Tim
Dylan and I always talk about this it is
as dark as it gets ever and that fact
that they killed him and got away with
it in front of everybody you're like
holy shit holy shit a lots happened
since I was here last a while Tim in
front of everybody
Wow and then when you find out how many
different large tech organizations and
people and you know influential people
that he was involved yeah yeah it's
crazy
yeah yeah it's crazy it is straight out
of something that you you couldn't even
believe I wonder if it's at so many of
those guys like wanna do something
freaky but they can't like they want to
get hookers what were they doing in that
temple or they sacrificing virgins
probably fucking probably tall mirrors
in that temple and incense and shit it's
so gross so speaking of cults I was just
thinking about this because I ended up
on a cult kind of like accidentally I
didn't have a place to stay no I was
talking to Sam Harris yesterday and we
were talking about all of his time I
didn't know that he spent like ten years
is like a wandering hippie I had no idea
and India and so I was like you know how
a lot of people don't get out and when I
was traveling for two years around the
world I ended up on a lot of ashrams and
one of them was a no-show ashram which
was there
yeah so I came into my room I wrote a
whole piece about it from now magic is
leaking out of your body it's so I
walked into my here I walked into my
roommate
Samantha Shahi who's amazing was
watching the documentary and there's
this like exercise where they dance and
you go whoo-hoo-hoo and it's a
meditation that they made up and I'm
like oh I've done that and they're naked
and she's like fucking course you've
done this project and I sat down I'm
like oh my god this is it wasn't Osho
cuz he's obviously dead but it was his
lineage and it was it was wild it was I
was there for like three weeks
Prem sarita Prem Cerritos it means river
of love oh yeah but he called me a
scumbag because they break you down in
front of people and you you know me I
couldn't stop laughing and so he was
like you are a scumbag
well he looks like a guru like like
Halleck got a beard like a long hair you
just tan he said that he was 80 but it
came out that he was actually 60 look at
the shape I'm in from being here and
eating cuz they want you to stay and he
was trying to like break me down
psychologically but I think my brain is
like too dirty to be washed capable and
so he was like you are scumbag out there
you don't have work and I was like
actually you're pretty right and he's
like say it say you are a scumbag and I
had to yell I am a scumbag in front of
this whole group of strangers that's so
funny
it was why so this guy who was breaking
it down was he socially inept like it
was an awkward breathe no no you didn't
you didn't buy into it you sort of went
around with it for fun I mean I'm very
curious so I like I think the writer in
me and we talked about this last time
just the the when I was like the third
and the open marriage so my I remember
vividly sitting just on their couch and
being like should I do this it's so
weird but I'm like yeah but it's such a
great story
this whole thing happened because I was
with the Sydney trust fund baby and he
needed somebody to drive up to Byron Bay
with them and he's like oh it's no
problem you'll find a place to stay and
there was nowhere to stay and he was off
on boys week and Byron Bay during like
Christmas
I knew know speaking of knowing nobody I
went to Australia on one-way ticket and
knew nobody and so I was like I'm fine
one-way ticket god that's such a crazy
move 28 no I was 30 33 I called it 33
yeah and so three yeah I just went it
was a I had been in LA kind of grinding
and I and I was like if I don't travel
now I'm getting way took is a wild move
I do it a lot really a lot yeah a lot
I'm kind of broke I was stuck in in
India with $7.00 I had to have somebody
like buy me and take it out at that time
an ex-boyfriend thank you what did you
do before like in the old days
India's basically like the old days when
you travel there I mean it's like you
needed a tickin like the seventies oh I
don't know women look would you do my
dad traveled around the world when he
was in his 20s and I was like how did
you do it you know he's like oh you know
we I wouldn't talk to my parents for
they have no idea where you are
right I mean that you have to just do
everything by paper you look for bus
schedules when you get there you know
you go find a hotel when you arrive in
the city yeah it's crazy how about
hitchhikers like hitchhikers are the
craziest asshole really let's just
randomly hope this person who's just
gonna randomly pick me up isn't gonna
kill me yeah yeah and then you would
read stories you'd read stories about
this guy kidnapped this girl and cut our
hands off like one god what the fuck
that's my biggest I'm so afraid of of
that I feel like that's always been in
my most recent podcast I did every once
in a while I do story hours where my
cousin Maggie interviews me and I was
telling y'all about my traveling and she
was asking me and it
turns out I like Fournier abduction
stories I completely forgot about but I
have this I have that fear but it's also
been reinforced fillet so when you join
this call yeah and they break you down
they say you're a scumbag what's his
accent like it was a weird accent big he
was from Italy originally and then he
how much of that coat was about banging
a lot but I didn't I only had one cult
boyfriend but he encouraged polyamory
and I think my call boyfriend saved me a
cult boyfriend
I mean well because he was he had just
come there to kind of recharge he was in
getting this degree in philosophy and
occasionally come and he was a musician
and then he left and went to Melbourne
and then I went back into the city to
drop him off and we weren't allowed to
drink or anything and this is when I was
still partying like a legend and and I
got three bottles of wine and I drank an
entire bottle of wine in the park and
then my friend came and took me back to
the ashram and I was hammered and I was
crying and make him seen and and he was
like what are you drinking and he said
do you have enough for the rest of
everyone and so then everyone drink then
he let everyone drink it was weird
yeah then it became like a it was a
weird thing started partying but done in
like I I was texting my I call him
Sydney trust phone boys like kept me the
fuck out of here I want a steak we it
was during the playoffs and I think the
Patriots were in and so I was breaking
into bars up and down like Byron Bay to
try and see the playoffs
it was wild that's what did they eat oh
so we had to wake up at 5:00 and we
didn't have we had a it was a wood grill
we had a grill but we put wood in it and
that was how he got everything I can
fire started it was all vegan with some
like if we got a cheese was like a treat
and we would have to get the fire going
to even like make coffee or porridge or
anything and then we'd make lunch right
after breakfast was done and
then there was no dinner it's just like
whatever is left over from lunch
really so I didn't eat very well and we
do four hours of work to stay on the
ashram like hard manual labor four hours
a day
yeah just for you in a bush in the
Australian bush what kind of stuff well
there was this Malaysian way of raking
that was really interesting where we
would mow but then you'd rake it all
into a line and you'd have to put it in
a tarp and take it all the way out of
these fields and it was like a really
interesting way of taking away all the
scraps we had cold showers there were
all kinds of bugs and shit trying to
kill me
all the time it was wild there was a
while it was a wild experience and there
was so much drama because everybody was
swapping partners like so much drama
supposed to be this place where you go
and meditate and get in touch and I was
like as the tipi turn non-stop drama
with like all that and he encouraged it
and loved it and that's what's weird
about these places as they use that to
manipulate you into saying oh my god
have you ever talked to Adam Egan about
his cult experience no yeah you know
Adam from The Comedy Store he's the
creative director he's coming on the
podcast soon I look at him I love - yeah
he's the best
yeah he's he's got a crazy cult
background no way yeah my friend Todd
who's a great guy like not a cult member
at all it's just super normal guy he
watched the first episode of wild wild
country and he was like this looks great
they're having so much fun I go I know I
know but stay with it stay with it
because in the beginning you're like oh
yeah like regular life is bullshit oh
yeah yeah like our society is bullshit
wouldn't it be great we just all loved
each other we all embraced our fears and
understood our position in the universe
and we're kind to each other and and and
let go let go of all this fear and all
this bullshit and what better way to do
it than to get a bunch of like-minded
people and moved to a +1 Oregon well
that was that in the piece I wrote about
it I said I had a lot of conflicting
feelings because it's amazing how
quickly
my biorhythms adjusted to waking up at 5
or 6 you know living just the lack of
waste we had the compostable toilets so
that poor the poo became man nor you
know like man nor this was the same on
the weed farms too and it's nice to just
not feel like you you're creating all
that waste because I know that every
time I get like a package from Amazon
I'm like is not sustainable right
it could be sustainable with hemp paper
that's what's really crazy I mean - all
this stuff could be fixed all this
chopping down of trees you could make
it's some crazy number of like if you
take a hundred acres of hemp
how much more paper you could get out of
a hundred acres of hemp in hundred acres
of trees because you could Rigo regrow
it every year whereas if you regrow in
trees you're not making paper no grow
and then you gotta kill him in their
prime hemp is like the Buffalo of plants
it's nuts it's making years every part
of it my friend Tom McCormack said it's
alien
yeah and he's he's like a a real
marijuana wizard like he really
understands the history oh yeah but if
you look at the compounds of it he goes
there's nothing like it on this planet
and then if you pick up the stalk like
yeah they remember Jack Herer Jack Herer
was a guy who wrote the Emperor wears no
clothes it was a book about his
transition from being a Goldwater
Republican to being like a pot
evangelist okay and I was very fortunate
to meet him and know him but he had this
this fucking it was either Todd or him
had this stalk of hemp and it's it's
like it feels like balsa wood so yeah
but it's hard like this oak but it's
it's the strangest plant yeah it is
weird it doesn't make any sense you like
there's nothing like this yeah
everything that's hard like if you have
a piece of mahogany
I think it's heavy but it's hard as fuck
like Mook is heavy but it's hard as fuck
hemp has hardest fucking it's light yeah
it's weird it's really weird it makes
the best paper here fucked with hemp
paper you can't even rip it it's weird
it's not cuz it has so much this is a
different kind of thing
I know yeah well we used to have to like
break all the stocks at the end when we
tear the whole garden down and fanned in
the season and it was fun but it was it
was a lot of work and those plants
definitely I loved working on the farms
because they just Tim as far as not to
sound all hippy but it radiates love in
gardens just radiates love and I would
love going in the morning when there was
do on the plants and there'd be Sun
coming up and it was just so you could
feel so much there's something special
about them for sure
there's something going on you feel when
you're next to them especially if you go
to a grow-op and there's like a bunch of
them in the room there's a tangible
difference you feel and you're in the
room almost like you're around these
little angels I know like you use love
from the leg oh yeah you guys real yeah
it feels so nice yeah it's it's good
it's a shame sometimes the culture
around it gets a little aggro like
especially up in Humboldt it can be
really weird it's like it's it's built
on crime essentially Agra it's like
there's a kind of aggressive weed bro
type that I think that's because the
fact that was a crime so you get like
yeah totems yeah and like their RVs and
they're drinking humbles I mean it's
gorgeous up there but it's definitely
compared to some of the more family
operated places that I was on there was
a whole different vibe and humbled and
in that area it was like whoa the like
the guns and the guards and the dogs and
the well these people have been
illegally operating on forever but same
with a lot of the other people that were
kind of grew I mean it would the people
I was working for they were like third
generation so they were like oh gee and
and it was still very loving and
family-oriented and the whole vibe was
very gentle and it wasn't as like
aggressive and she ever watched the
documentary the Union now the Union is
by my friend Scott quartz core G and
Adam scores you sorry
Adams core G has this I haven't seen him
since like 2010 or something
he had this documentary that he did
about Vancouver about how Vancouver had
this underlying economy that was all
weed based it's like the thing that was
keeping like like you look at the
economy if you look at the economy like
where's all the money coming from oh
well there's an industry we manufacture
cars we do this we do that there was
this whole section it was just weed
money and it wasn't legal you know yeah
he also did that the documentary the
culture high which is another great
movie on marijuana but the Union is all
about this one particular area where you
see how intertwined pot growing is and
how its kind of accepted yeah it's still
kind of illegal yeah yeah that was the
weird thing about it and the kind of mm
you know 2006 when it was shifting it
was just that vibe of like it was it had
been illegal and then it was in this
weird gray area and it was still illegal
even when I was working there but
everyone was like is that illegal like
it's kind of a gray area yeah it's some
legal to grow a certain amount
medicinally and then by the time it
became liek here's a real problem the
real problem have you ever heard of
what's going on with the cartels cartels
growing weed and public land out here oh
yeah I've heard about this like in the
forests and stuff this is a guy named
John Norris he's been on the podcast
before he was a game warden that when he
signed up via gayden warm game wardens
because he's guy who enjoys the outdoors
thought it'd be great you know just
going around making sure everybody's
following the regulations check your
fishing license that kind of stuff
that's what turned out he had to run a
fucking tactical unit to stop the
cartels from these grow ops and get
gunfights and they're using dogs to the
sick dogs with their sick I'm on fucking
cartel members it's crazy and it shows
how it all starts for him that they
found this one diverted stream and it
was a very important stream for a
steelhead and see these these fish were
kind of fucked because the water it's
somehow another been diverted and dried
up so I thought well let's just find
we'll follow this the stream get to the
source of it and it's probably you know
some you know some sort of an issue that
we could solve well they get to the
source of it and turns out there's a
giant Mexican cartel
oh my god and they've they've diverted
all this water and then on top of that
they're using super toxic pesticides
yeah and poison to keep the animals from
eating the leaves and then you get this
poison that's in the fucking plant when
you're selling it and he's like 90
percent of the places that are where the
the where marijuana is illegal and
they're getting they're getting it from
the cartels toxic spewed on weed and
they're distributing they're growing it
in California in all the state parks
they're drawing it in the national
forests they're growing it in this
public land they just they go out into
the mountains I have a friend who found
a camp like this at two home run didn't
know what to do yeah they're like these
are ranchers they stumbled upon all this
this like piping and all this stuff and
they're like what in the fuck is this
and then they found all these marijuana
plants they called I don't they should
call the Sheriff's Office or whatever
they came down torched it it's weird I
wonder how they illegal markets doing
now that it's legal it's so they're
still doing well yes it's not legal
everywhere that's the point there's so
much regulation so it should be legal
everywhere yeah because all you're doing
is propping up the Mexican cartels in
Sinaloa yesterday yeah there are
gunfights in the streets Oh God the
cartels are having gun fights in go to
Ed's manifesto his Instagram page he's
got this video where these people are
hiding behind a wall and you're just
watching machine guns in the streets
yeah and this is all because the cartels
this is all car and the cartels are
pumped up because what illegal drugs
that's their source of revenue big
marijuana is you always laugh when you
say that but there is big weed and it's
it's taking out a lot of the independent
you know mom-and-pop growers it's like
the Amazon of weed yeah well I'm sure
that's gonna happen with everything
that's worth money right yeah but I
they're I have I don't know I have mixed
feelings about that too because in
places where there's this beautiful soil
they're paving over the soil and putting
up like huge domes where there's no
ambient light and now you have light
pollution in places because they're
growing everything indoor because you
can
trol it obviously so and you can keep
the lights on all night it's like a
fuckin UFO just landed and mole day all
these like beautiful woods with some of
the best soil in America and I I
definitely the hippie in me is like no
we're going too far but in their defense
that's how you make we'd grow quicker
yeah but doing it right I'll probably
smokin some of that weed right now
probably probably but you're also
destroying an economy of local
mom-and-pop growers sloppy hippies
should have planned for the future you
should should have wrapped up your
business years ago and hired guns armed
guns so have you been baking bread no
Tom Papa has though I know I was gonna I
sir I got I got hooked I ate with my
family we all ate the whole loaf in like
two days I was gonna bring you something
but I saw that I thought you were like
gluten-free or some shit I'm mostly
Groot including free yeah but when I can
get some sourdough bread I will eat the
fucking seem to bother me something
about sourdough this but also that
there's less gluten in it yeah way less
yeah I can pull up why that is why is
there less gluten and sourdough it's
been explained do you know what it you
know the answer I guess it's cuz he's
using the heir heirloom flour and he's
only got three ingredients in there
there's stuff in it yeah I mean maybe
because the heirloom flour but I also
think there's a reason because of
sourdough there's something about the
process of sourdough with Tom already
baking he's been baking for years oh I
definitely I was sick the first couple
weeks of the black down Oh No I'm
worried I was worried and I thought I
had until your little not sure how
accurate but it's cold I was sick I had
a fever and it would spike at night and
my I did have like some chest shortness
of breath and the cough that came but I
checked it but it was like it was
hanging on so in that time I couldn't
work out and I was going crazy and I
it's got to be some kind of DNA thing
what is the bread thing have useless no
but why you can't get flour anywhere
it's like what do you mean some kind of
DNA thing what is it that everyone went
on lockdown and it activated we must be
big bride I've never experienced that
that's what happened there's a oh no
there's a right you can't get flowers
well toilet paper is that DNA thing - no
but that just might be heard you know
like sheep on this well Tom Green had a
great analogy a great theory on that he
said if you look at how big how much
space toilet paper takes up on the Shelf
he goes it's a lot of space for like one
roll of toilet paper or one package of
paper and so the only can keep so much I
was like oh that makes sense
and then when people see it empty then
they panic right see toilet paper they
buy it and hoard it because they've
limited they've started limiting it now
but yeah I think my friend was just on
the podcast he works at nautical-themed
grocery store and he was saying that he
thinks that it's just like I was asking
him about the psychology behind this and
he was saying he thinks that you know
one person would take three and then the
person standing next to them sees that
and it's like oh shit I need to take
three and then that person sees there's
empty toilet paper shelves and people
are stocking up and then it just becomes
this spiraling and then you start seeing
it online hmm and it became like a
spiraling freakout it's just there was a
lot of logic there was a lot of freaking
out it was weird
I I freaked out in the beginning I was a
little worried in the beginning because
I was worried that it was going to be as
bad as they were saying and then as the
numbers came in especially the numbers
of people that weren't experiencing any
symptoms and the numbers of people that
went through it and didn't even know
they had ever had it and they tested
positive because someone in their family
had had it and yeah yeah and they had
the antibodies and it's like wow what
what is this fucking thing it's weird
it's a it's like you're talking about a
multitude of different diseases yeah it
really is different
have you been going crazy not being able
to do stand-up where's all that energy
going i I've been worried about you
I just accept things I'm good at
accepting things ah yeah I've learned
how to do that in my life
you know this is just how it is
are you enjoying are you spending more
time with the kids yeah I'm gonna join
that I'm enjoying that it's weird for
them though because they have to do
school online yeah that sucks this is
not good yeah it's not it doesn't feel
like i sat in to watch one of them like
this is so uninspiring yeah if I was a
kid first of all I was a fuckup in
school if they ever did this to me while
I was in high school I would have just
quit school yeah 100% quit school yeah I
mean if this was what was going on well
the world's ending why the fucking line
is sit in front of a computer all day
and listen this won't work tell me what
to do is fuck I've been I've been you
know weirded out but also enjoying the
time together but then also very
fortunate that I have this place I can
come here I work out here I can I could
do a lot of stuff here I get to do
podcast still so I'm get to hang out
people like you yeah get to hang out my
friends have a good time
but for sure I missed end up and I just
I don't like the idea that these
bureaucrats get to tell us what to do
and what not to do I don't like it it's
what what's that gonna look like when
what are they planning on doing when
they open up is it going to be limited
seating I mean how do you how are you
gonna go to your on your tours I'm I'm
at the Forum November 1st
it's almost okay and it's like that's
that's just gonna be like me and a
mannequin we're gonna either side of me
like what am I gonna do that's a real
show that I have in LA that's the
biggest show that I have in LA right
it's like 9,000 people mm-hmm like that
is that possible I don't even know yet
no I think you should let people make a
choice for themselves make them get
tested and there should be a place like
you know how you sign up to vote there's
a you should be able to sign up to get
tested I don't want something that
tracks you where you carried on your
phone now I don't want like a like a
ticket yeah you know how you have like
if you get an electronic ticket you get
that ticket and you could bring it to
they scan your ticket and then you can
get on board a plane right yeah why
don't they do that with testing they can
do that with testing and so if you want
to go somewhere like you want to go to a
concert scan it is it valid
it's two days ago okay and it and have
you left your house they've been no but
at least it would help the number one
thing that we need to concentrate on is
the number one thing that you don't hear
a goddamn peep about and that's
nutrition in health yeah those are the
things stress managing your stress yeah
it's not a meditate you fucks take some
of those taxpayer money and set up take
some of that tax money and set up some
sort of an online resource that can show
people how they can improve their immune
system yeah sure have a little
meditation courses you fucks do you
think that people are becoming more
succumbing to bad habits or improving
themselves I would think it's both I
mean yeah you can't generalize because
people handle things
some people are been have been amazing
through this right and some people I've
become bigger fans of because the way
they've handled this and there's some
people that I can't talk to him like you
fucking pussy you're falling apart
yeah like I know people that are scared
to go outside yeah like they don't want
to do anything yeah don't I go in here
it's worse than they say whether it's
worse than they're telling us where are
they getting that information it's more
attractive to them than the opposite but
can they afford for it to be attractive
some of them yes I'm talking about some
of them are wealthy people because I
know people who have both fears they
might be not healthy but they're also
poor and they're more afraid of being
poor at that you know they're they're
trying to balance these things like I
need to still go to work because I can't
yeah we're bad here's a fake narrative
that it's either money or lives right
that's a fake narrative right this is
why it's a fake narrative if the economy
collapses the deeper collapses the more
lives its gonna cost and that's a fact
there's these are this is a real
statistic like you can you can actually
measure this the way the economy goes
you will correspondingly you will see a
loss of life so the economy goes down if
there's more depression there's more
drug addiction if there's more suicide
you will see a loss of life that's
directly attributable to the way people
respond to the economy collapse isn't
that factual
yes I mean I definitely burg had a
report on it and if you could there's
there's an equation like in how the
economy dips you'll see a corresponding
loss of life due to suicide
corresponding loss of life due to drug
addiction and overdose
there's look depression is for sure it's
it takes in a lot of factors some people
to have it just genetically some people
have it because of the circumstance well
as your circumstance or roads it's much
more likely that you're going to be
depressed oh I agree I just I remember
reading an article that kind of pushed
back on this there were there were all
these statistics and studies done after
the Great Depression and actually it
weirdly kicked in people's resilience
see but listen when you said after the
Great Depression right so everything
falls apart and he kicks in people's
resilience and the people that survive
are the ones that you can look at the
actual studies because I'm not sure when
it started counting the lives over loss
my parents went through the depression
nice to talk to them about it and when
my grandmother died one of the things
they found little coffee cans filled
with money all over the house yeah
dollars and change yeah
store them all different places they
were terrified terrified of things going
south yeah I I mean I've been poor for
so long in terms of being freelance
writer and always I I do a weird thing
where I don't invoice and all of my
editors are like we owe you money but
it's that psychological like oh I have
money there and I store it all over my
house I have money everywhere just like
loose change in dollars and because I
have that scarcity fear always I take
things way farther my fear is that money
won't be worth anything right that's my
fear yeah you know when someone says oh
you should be saying bricks at home no
I'm done and I know how to hunt yeah
that's what I'm worried about like
legitimately worried about not having
food I have water purification tablets
comes I can pump Creek water and get it
to the point where my kids can drink it
that's what I'm worried about right
legitimately well then you actually
that's a real fear people should have I
have many people are starting to
understand that it's people like you and
me and everybody else are responsible
for the food chain okay this the
food supply chain this food supply is
not permanent it's not just gonna stay
there right and all these ranchers that
have been struggling to pay their bills
I know struggling now they're fucked we
treat our farmers like such shit in this
I feel like it's well we're not aware
because we're not near them right and
that's I think that even my friend who I
interviewed he was saying people are
thanking him for his service and he
hates it at the nautical grocery store
and he was but I think that it's people
who have never even had to consider the
food supply chain are considering it
right and they're certainly like oh my
God thank you remember how they were
really pumped about firemen yes after
9/11 yeah people who generally don't get
who provide a service and to just kind
of go fly under the radar
yeah but yet I don't I don't think
people consider much where their food
comes from or how it even gets on the
shelves they definitely do it more so
now and there's also a lot of people are
inquiring about hunting they're looking
into it there's a uptick in searches and
I know questions about gardening
planting and and prepping you know as we
like I think those people were out of
their fucking minds now because I used
to consider like oh well if there's a
natural disaster like if Yellowstone
blows you really want to be right next
to it yeah realize you don't want to be
surviving nuclear winter when everything
becomes fucking horrible gray sky
wasteland and everyone's freezing and
choking it's not good and that's that's
what's happened to human beings before
when there was a point in time where
we've done this so many times
whatever the volcano was there was a
supervolcano that blew somewhere around
60 70 thousand years ago I forget where
it was was it Indonesia yes and it
killed most of the people on the playa
most of the people we got down to a few
thousand people that was like 70,000
years ago wow it's really nuts
yeah that's has happened many times it's
just these things happen they just don't
happen enough where they happen during
our lifetime who we say oh that's the
thing we have to worry about so
now we've experienced a real global
pandemic during four lifetimes that were
like now this is something we know we
have to worry about yeah I mean it's
it's a it's a little bit light like it's
pandemic light it's certainly not like
the 1918 kind of clothes but look how
we're reacting right we're reacting like
it is which I think was precautionary
but but it's still going on now they're
asking people to rat people out if
you're fucking and opening up your
business Gestapo yeah it's what it's
always worried is are we the frog in the
boiling water we're at a certain point
you say hey everybody self locked down
and don't work and everyone's like yeah
I'm not stoked about it but okay I'll do
that for my fellow man and then a couple
of months go by and the numbers come in
and you're seeing you know you're not
seeing that outbreak in Florida from the
spring breakers you're not seeing they
they're well they've been open now yeah
I was just there I flew to Florida last
week for the UFC yeah Saturday night I
flew in and so they're just I would do a
restaurant Bridgette sat down how to
stage had a glass of wine my friend
Eddie Bravo sat down ate together like
gentlemen like does it look weird we see
it and it was strange at the restaurant
because it was like us and then this
other older couple walked in there was
maybe one other couple towards the front
and a couple of young people at the bar
fairly sparse all the waiters had face
masks on yeah we ate weight dinner but
now the conspiracy theorist to me is
like now they're gonna see how far they
can fucking push it I don't think that's
a conspiracy theory I think that is just
like your cult friend that was calling
you a scumbag and trying to break you
down yeah when you're in a position of
power there's like there's there's an
archetype of a person in a position of
power and then all of the potential
things that can go wrong when a person's
in a position of power all the abuses of
that power I mean they're they're
documented right throughout history but
this is one of them control I'm telling
you what to do if you want more rights
you want to get your rights back well
daddy says you got to put your mask on
even though it doesn't make
it's like we're all grounded but here's
the thing it's it's not like things are
getting worse but their grip is getting
tighter right yeah that's what is deeply
rights are generally not given back once
they're taken exactly and that's what
the problem is and this is what the
problem when when people want to talk
about like Marxism and all the positive
benefits of socialism it'd be great if
everybody like helped all the people
that weren't doing so well and chipped
on in and it would be great but the
problem with the big state the big
government is what you're seeing now
yeah regular people making shit
decisions regular people a gavin newsom
is a person yeah it's not a genius he's
not a wizard he's not from another
planet he's a human being who grew up in
the United States of America and he has
this incredible amount of power over 40
million people a state and he's deciding
we're gonna go stage step one and what
you're gonna allow to be go outside and
look at the sunset you can do yoga don't
go near anybody you can you can golf no
cart and he's got masks they put this
fucking list of shit that you can do and
you can't do and then they get to tell
people they get to tell you not yet not
yet
we're gonna open up a little bit on May
15th okay a little bit a little bit what
can we do you can go to the beach now
but don't sit down yeah you can't
freakin sit down you can't tell people
what to do like that yeah it doesn't
make sense this is what you tell people
please be cautious
please use social distancing let's be
smart let's take care of our vulnerable
vulnerable people and let's take care of
our health let's take care of our bodies
to eat correct this is a good
opportunity for you to cut all the
bullshit out of your diet stop eating so
much sugar stop drinking so much stop
smoking cigarettes this is a good time
yeah work on your health because what
you're seeing across the board is
vulnerable people that are getting
really sick from this whether they're
vulnerable because they have underlying
health conditions or they were stressed
out or their hospital workers they're
vulnerable because they're getting this
massive viral load these people viral
load sounds so dirty Thanks
no it just sounds so dirty every time I
hear it I make you get it in sperm
[Music]
alone that is viral load every time I
hear and I'm like that's the dirtiest
term but I love it
have you seen the prisoners giving each
other Oh video my crews I never know
what's real though I always have to like
fact check and go find and see if the
video is real and go which everyone
should be doing by the way like yeah and
then I'm like easy Brigitte settled
right no let's look at this one careful
this one this one confirms a lot of your
biases you and I want a double check
when you find out that prisoners are
getting released that are even like sex
offenders like violent sex offenders are
getting really they're putting like a
hairdresser earth gym it's so crazy like
oh you might get a cough we're gonna
have to let you go don't rape any kids
while you're out there
suppose means you out for 30 years we're
gonna let ya because we don't want you
to get a call yeah it's I don't all of
it again I come back to trying to stay
optimistic in the face of conditions
that feel like they're rapidly
deteriorating no it is I don't even get
high that's the problem you you it's not
for you for me I picked the worst
fucking decade to get sober ever I mean
what an idiot I got sober in 2013 which
means I got sober right before Trump
started running and now through vikon
pandemic but honestly I have been able
to I'm actually grateful because you
know how much the alcohol consumption is
up if any indication of how much bread
I've been eating is how much weed and
beer and alcohol I'd be consuming I
would be in the hospital with cirrhosis
of the liver yeah you're you're becoming
you're just using that the bread not
really I mean III like it because it's a
challenge because it's really fucking
hard challenge making sourdough bread
making it okay no it was it hey look up
how many people are alcohol consumption
is up where where though just overall
United States how alcohol consumption
down in restaurants and bars though yeah
I know that's the problem it's actually
up even though everyone's bar alone
listen just google it you find out but
like I don't know how about Google
Google alcohol consumption up during
pandemic because someone was telling me
this and it can't be true look at houses
from grocery stores or like overall
alcohol consumption just Google alcohol
consumption up during pandemic because
what he was telling me is he goes listen
to this bars are closed right because
alcohol consumption is way up yes think
about that yeah I don't know this person
that would know that have you seen them
like zoom happy hours oh the people get
hammered on zoom those things I would I
would rather die than get hammered with
a bunch of people and zoom I might drink
alone like a fucking real man don't do
this happy hour I don't know I get it
like a fucking real man but seriously I
think Jamie the first Forbes opinion
article says there's a survey that was
taken up 2,000 adults it says 16% we're
drinking more 19% drinking less yeah a
lot to his statistic was much higher
than that it was like in the high 30s
30% increase in alcohol consumption
during the pandemic yeah cuz everybody's
day drinking that's what I'm saying
there was that meme that was going
around that was hilarious like pray for
the teachers next year who are gonna
have kids coming in who have been taught
by their moms who have been or their
parents who've been day drinking I have
been daydreaming but I've been drinking
wine I drink wine every night a glass of
wine you you pretty are pretty moderate
drinker anyway though yes yes yeah I'll
go off the rails a couple times a year
especially on fight companions when we
do these fight companions
that's not probably the hardest I drink
ever all right we get hammered just
here's the bestest rub it doesn't mean
that doesn't mean much off-premise this
alcohol say o premises alcohol sales
were up 55% in the third week of March
this year ok well that makes sense
because people are drinking at home but
I wonder if like overall says while most
people the United States remain stuck at
home during kovat 19 pandemic many are
increasing their alcohol purchases and
likely their consumption no they're just
stockpiling it and using it for hand
sanitizer according to the data
reported by Nielsen and international
measurement of the data analytics
company so up 55% off-premise alcohol
sales were up 50 so I wonder what that
means in terms of overall like what
percentage of alcohol sales were done in
bars yes yes and what percentage was I
guess that's what off-premises yeah you
would have to really know what that
would be hurts yeah you'd have to know
how much alcohol was sold to the
restaurants and then oh that's hard to
find because it's usually through it's
not like a retail you're getting it
right
fifty-five percent a big number though
yeah that's big but I think a lot of I I
mean I I don't know if I were if I was
drinking I'd be drinking a lot I can
tell you that oh my the reason why I
brought it up is the friends that I have
were like you know they would maybe have
a glass of wine at night now they're
going through a bottle or two every
night that was my normal but yeah yeah
yeah he's getting thick yeah I was i
definitely the first you know like I was
saying the first three weeks I was kind
of sick so I started baking bread
because I needed a challenge because I
couldn't work out and man that like
warned that kovat 19 is real now I have
another now have another challenge the
bread baking know now again and now I
have to lose the cove in 19 that I go oh
the cove at 19 pounds don't like not
doing anything and not moving I think
there's like three weeks where was like
you took seven steps
I hate should say I do yeah and so my
sisters and I have been doing this has
been fun we've been doing we call it
something is better than nothing because
all of us the first couple weeks were
just off the rails with likes weed so
debate my other sister was baking and
she's like I need to dial it back so we
started doing workout videos too but we
hold each other accountable we zoom and
so then we share the screen and it's so
fun I mean I wish I could record my
sister's are hilarious why is that okay
but it's not okay to drink on so it's
fine to drink on zoom' I just don't
I can't Ahmet so here's my issue it's
hard enough for me to work out and
you can see yourself on zoom so it's
that's already I'm fine with that I'm
used to going to a gym and seeing myself
in a mirror and working out in a class
I'm not used to seeing myself drinking
while I drink and so the idea of being
on a zoom with people and being able to
see my little square head getting wasted
but you're not supposed to look at you
know I know but you're still able to see
yourself it's I'm just gonna put a
little I don't know do you know like
amongst your friends are people ramping
up their alcohol consumption the people
that you know that drink yes and no but
I was on a family I'm how to film that
like it's funny in the beginning
everyone's like we're gonna have these
like group texts we're gonna keep each
other saying and like after three weeks
there's nobody here you never well and
it's funny because everybody just
started everyone adjusted and they were
back in their own wives but we were it
was mostly just sharing memes of the guy
with the big dick and you know like all
the funny memes that were going around
but my it was like family members
cousins that like I said have a huge
family so cousins we're all around the
same age and it was like all of them
sharing their booze supplies cuz they
were afraid like the stores are gonna be
shut indefinitely that's how a lot of my
friends were talking about it too they
were worried that they wouldn't be able
to get booze they would have to go
through the sober yeah and I find that
Jamie your friends our friends your age
getting hammered no no same age I don't
think so no more probably smoking a
little more weed but hmm so do you think
it's like an older suburban thing like
no there are always drinking like the
wine moms are just still more they're
just maybe more but I think they're
going home but I'm trying to think of
it's a generational thing like how are
like kids in their 20s handle and
they're not getting drunk every day I
don't know
I'm they're probably more pliable to
they have less to lose so all this
shit's going down like dude I was so
what my nephew with it was his first
year of college and now he's back at
home and he's great he's like super
active and but if I was like a 20 year
old who wasn't in college and was back
in my parents basement I would I was
partying when I was like 17 at home
really worried about the future though
wouldn't you be worried about the future
if you're 20 and you saw this I don't
know it's funny because either either my
nephew's just like a badass or super
resilient but he just he's like it's
fine I'd be a moron he's not sure he's
not sure if he's gonna go back to
college because they want to pay for you
know yeah well that's the kid with my
kids school - my kids go to all the
money do you have a lazy teacher
socially distance to you no way yeah
like I'm not taking on this day here's
the thing the the death rate between
kids is so fucking low it's crazy
yes so low yeah talking about all the
way up into college the death rate is so
small yeah that it doesn't make any
sense
to keep them out of school it doesn't
make any sense I think a lot of the you
know I think Alabama and all those
colleges were talking about how they
were going back I teach down there
though it's football they've got to get
the college football going yeah that is
a thing right what are they gonna do
with these stadiums are gonna be filled
with people I don't allow that foxes
there's been speculation on for the NFL
that they're gonna pump in I think
probably just fill up people watching
but crowd noise this is still four
months ahead I'm gonna go to a Joe Rogan
show and it's gonna be canned laughter
pumped into the stadium laughter okay
who's saying this who's eight Fox I
think oh that is so dumb that's that
would be so offensive
that's just preparing us for this new
world what is the new world Joe I don't
world what is it the social distancing
that we're all in the matrix there's no
reality are they just trying to get us
to be in our house in like order is this
I was joking that this is like a a plot
by Amazon and Netflix she's just got us
all inside I was joking this is a plot
from AI to get us to some like sim be
the symbiotic relationship that's
inevitable then we're human beings are
gonna merge with some form of Technology
right it's already happened with things
you carry around like your phone
there's something that someone's made
that you can't live without that makes
your life better
yeah it's eventually gonna be a part of
you it's gonna get inside yeah yeah and
once that gets inside of you you're
going to want it to get you know be more
and more and more immersed in that world
and some people like man I don't want
that I want to live in the real world I
want to be able to go to the lake how do
I be able to hug people on touch people
well what better way to stop that shit
from taking place you can't go anywhere
you got to stay inside so all your world
is virtual
you can't come near anybody because they
might kill you with their fucking spit
do you think that people will put up
with that though I mean America brakes
brakes up as if doesn't become the the
Pro Open and pro close dates and then we
just divorce well this is what's
happening yeah it's right it's right
wing left wing left wing people want the
government take care of anything
everything they want everybody to get
checks and they want everybody to stay
home forever until there's a cure who's
not gonna be a cure this is something
that's going to be around and we might
have heard immunity you might be able to
wipe it out that way right this is not
something that they can just spray away
or inject away right so this is
something well hopefully one day they'll
have some sort of real treatment whether
it's a vaccine or whatever it is we're
probably gonna have to take a vaccine
every couple years or every year yeah
it's not none of this is good I mean you
take the you get the flu shot if you get
it and it's not gonna keep you from
getting the flu but there's no other
strains that are out there but it helps
you even how you get those strains that
aren't the strain exactly then there's
herd immunity right we're more than 60
percent of the people get it the virus
sort of dies off that's that's a that's
a positive possibility in the future but
you repeat there's people that are
wanting to want to get back to work and
there's people that don't want anyone to
go anywhere and those and it's become
this sort of again this ideological
battleground where the people that want
to go back to work you're putting
dollars over money you know like one of
someone said you're gonna be the richest
man in the cemetery - Elon Musk's he
wants to open up his factory like what
what are you talking about like are we
gonna be just stay home forever we're
gonna be scared of everything
why would you drive when you know how
many people died in driving our hands
stay home don't do anything and I think
this is put you know the we make these
calculations all the time
about how many people is it acceptable
to die it's just not so in our face for
instance with opioids or the opie if
you're using these to help people manage
pain but you know a certain amount of
people might become addicted or die
there's all kinds of trade-offs that
we're making driving another good
example so we're constantly making these
cost-benefit analysis in our society
it's just not usually you have to make
it you know it's like you have to be
part of the person who's saying am I
going to be but it's it's also there's
so much false information or confusing
information and I don't again I come
back to what we started talking about I
don't know that a lot of people know who
to believe and if you just believe your
tribe it's much easier I think if I was
just like gobbling up all the CNN or
gobbling up all the Fox I would be happy
little freaking no nihilism Bridgette or
you'd be angry wanting to overthrow the
government not one to you know I'd be
terrified and not leaving my house
because I was worried that I was gonna
get there's all those all those things
but if you just look at the raw numbers
and this doesn't discount any of the
deaths doesn't discount the tragedy I
know people are but my grandma but my
friend I know a guy I know a guy he was
young everybody knows a guy you're right
but if you just look at the overall
numbers this is not what we thought it
was going to be it's really simple and
this is why you want to move yeah I
don't like that they're telling me that
you have to stay home yeah I don't like
they're telling me you have to wear a
mask when you go outside no if I'm
around people and you want me to wear a
mask in a business or sometimes not okay
yeah and fine with that until everything
settles down we figure this out okay you
can't tell me I leave the house I have
to put a mask on what about if I walk
around in my backyard do I have to have
a mask what does that mean I mean yes
I'm running on a trail I have to run on
a trail with a mask on the fuck out of
here and you mean you're
ideal way to transition back what would
it be what would it like people take
risks yeah but people do what they want
to do but educate them educate them in
terms of their immune system educate
them in terms of like here's where it
could go bad this is why you need to
wash your hands like one of the things I
said is that women were getting it less
than men people like why I'm like
because we're gross we don't wash we're
fucking disgusting so guys are picking
their nose after they're touching a
faucet and other people touched it and
is that why they're getting it more it
could be a bunch of factors one of them
is that men are gross yes men are gross
yeah I guarantee you that has to play
some sort of a part in it yeah yeah I
mean it's it's been somebody I think I'm
a writer I forgot her name Megan someone
she had a tweet she said it's a black
it's a black light no it's a yeah it's a
black light on like the sperm filled
hotel room basically the pandemic it
just reveals like these institutional
failures and all just structural
failures and all of the ideological
battleground is you up to 11 now and I
I find that most people are wrestling
and don't know really what to do but I
think most people are grown-up enough to
want to be able to take that risk for
themselves I walk around I see all these
businesses I'm like how are these
businesses gonna come back they're not
going to we're gonna lose like 40% of
them look I think we you gotta let
people make their own decisions and the
decision you've already made has already
cost something it's cost businesses its
cost a lot it's cost a lot of people's
livelihoods so it's not like there's no
loss here there's a loss here and if you
don't think there's a loss of life talk
to people that are that are dealing with
suicide talk to me I know a guy who
talked to this sheriff and who's saying
that there's a guy I do everyone does
everyone they were saying that he used
to deal with one suicide a week now he's
dealing with five a day Wow yeah yes
holy shit yeah that seems like it should
be a bigger story but it is a big story
but it's just not being talked about
because the narrative is always stay or
safer
stay at home this night and this is
crazy we went a lot there's a real loss
yeah it comes with your business going
away oh yeah it's not just loss of life
its loss of business loss of livelihood
and that could lead to loss of life yeah
and it's going to last for years it was
creepy I was texting me the pictures of
the phosphorescence you know it was it's
amazing and every what are you gonna
tell people they can't go look at nature
and so I think it was Cinco de Mayo we
went down and everybody was out there's
so many people there are no cops I
couldn't believe it it was I was like
yeah she's gonna do yeah so tell people
get off the beach yeah that's so so that
night everyone's wearing masks
everyone's responsible socially
distancing it was fine it was really
cool it was chill you could tell
everyone was going crazy stir-crazy
people were partying because we're Cinco
DeMayo is awesome I'm like yeah good job
California I went down the next day and
it appears the word I got out and they
had turned the ferris wheel down at the
pier into like a weird creepy dystopian
message it was just like hey support our
cert our health care workers and then
there was a red cross in the ferris
wheel and the police were there and they
were like everyone off the boot the
beaches are closed we will cite you and
no to the people's credit no one gave a
fuck and didn't move but they were
driving up and now and telling everybody
but it was a creepy vibe with the like
ferris wheel and the messaging that had
totally changed overnight well go to the
hospitals out here they're empty yeah
yes it's a real problem hospitals are
going bankrupt now you know I know and
and there's I read a thing about how
college might go bankrupt too so I don't
know how the schools are gonna a lot of
private schools that are charging
exorbitant rates and expect people to do
that shit in front of a computer they're
gonna go under yeah they're gonna go
under but I mean again you at least have
a platform you can talk about this and
and an audience that you hear from and
what what's the general yeah yeah
there's a certain percentage of people
that are cowards and they just want to
trust in the government and let the
government make these decisions they're
doing this with sound science and no but
they're not but they're not if they were
I'd be like okay I get it because I was
like okay I get it in the beginning I
didn't protest it in the beginning I
canceled gigs I backed off
I think they're trying to save us but
then when you get the science in when
you get the actual numbers and you're
like no this is way different than they
thought you thought it was gonna be
hundreds of thousands dead in California
alone no it's a thousand people 1,800
people whatever it is do you think it'll
be worse than average age that people
die this is older than the average age
yeah it's like 85 plus the average age
people die of this is older than the
average age people die yeah like what
I'm worried about Joe Biden he's got no
chance
yo this is my other question for you
while I'm here what do you think about
that you were Bernie bro
right I like what I'd like what Bernie
stood for yes that he stood for this is
what I like I like the ideas of helping
the people that are downtrodden out
helping communities that are hurt making
it so that college is free for people
you don't have to be financially in debt
hundreds of thousands of dollars when
you graduate from college yeah we can
take our tax money and put it in good
things that's what I like about what
Bernie stood okay what I like about him
is this health care issue that we're
dealing with right now I mean would they
be great if people didn't have to worry
about going bankrupt if they get sick
mm-hmm this is what I like about Bernie
Sanders yeah all those things and that's
what he stood for that made sense to me
I was like let's try this right seems
like this is a move towards compassion
I'm I just wonder how feasible those I
pimp plans or but a lot of people say
they're not feasible at all I was like
let's see let's see let's see I don't
know that you know the idea is like
socialism had never worked but the way
he describes it is democratic socialism
he doesn't describe it as the socialism
were you thinking about some sort of
military dictatorship like North Korea
or something right China it's not it's
not the same thing when you equate those
two that's when people get weird but the
problem is whenever people get in the
kind of position of power where they
have this big government machine and
they control over people they abuse it
yeah I mean that's the problem as you I
don't know our healthcare system sucks
but I don't know that I trust the
government to make it better because
there's nothing that they do that they
do very well no there's not one thing
like well they knit well
he passed off it is one of the best and
you know some things are so like the
National Fire Department yeah yeah I'm
all for the national parks yeah but
other than that there's I don't know
that I would want you I think that the
health care thing drives me crazy
because I don't I'm again I just feel
hopelessly dumb and it's such a huge
massive problem and it causes me and so
many people I know you know debt and
problems and it's not fair to you
shouldn't I don't understand why it's
tied up with your job like that seems
like a really silly idea that makes no
sense to me right and with if you do
have a nationalized health care system
what do you do about people that abuse
their body what do you do about them
they'll let them cost anyway even in
private right what do you do what do you
do if people just want to keep eating
until they explode what do you do I say
well all our tax money is gonna go to
you know because we have to keep you
alive but that's why I understand I
understand from a heart perspective you
know I think when I when I was I was
reading this stuff that I wrote when I
was like 24 and I was away dressed and I
was like holy shit I was a OC like I
sound like a are sick I was fucking
outraged and when you're a bartender
you're always seeing like the
downtrodden and you don't end as a
waitress you generally you're not
unionized you don't have really very
much protection if I was still waitress
right now I'd be fucked and you don't
have anybody really speaking for you
you're totally dispensable and I was
reading all this stuff and I hated like
the whole system I was like burn it all
down I didn't have health care because
they don't give you health care if
you're a waitress it's and so I was
reading that I'm like yeah I was her but
now that I'm you know 40 I'm like how
does this I don't I still don't know how
to make this work I still don't know how
to change that no I understand from the
heart perspective wanting to help all
the people who are vulnerable in
downtrod and I just don't know that that
their solutions are the best solutions
but I don't really know what are yeah
it's a human problem and human problems
and never have an answer
they're always messy who do you think
Biden's gonna choose
Kamala Harris really yeah makes sense
she's the sting of Tulsi gabbard's
serving her during the debates has sort
of worn off a little bit and as long as
he keeps he quiet and she doesn't have
any opponents now she's not running
against anybody what if he picked
Hillary what would you do
be hilarious Hillary would just shove
her hand deep up his ass and start
working his mouth from below like a
puppet to a literal TV weekend at
Bernie's it will be weekend at Bernie's
it will also be Dick Cheney and George W
right cuz Dick Cheney was really running
the show and George W zout they're
fuckin sawing wood in Texas and Joe we
have a fucking election coming up
I'm the heels of all this shit hmm and
now they're talking in California about
digital elections and Hillary's behind
it so as soon as Hillary says everyone
should be safe to vote and voting it on
more oh this bitch is running a game
something's going on
everyone's losing thought everyone's
losing their minds I mean I see all this
stuff to about like foul Chi and the and
gates and the conspiracy theories and
there's it's so hard because so many
conspiracy theories have ended up being
true like pouchy is a virus expert
that's what he's always been right
there's no conspiracy he's a guy no but
their conspiracies that he's in cahoots
with Bill Gates and like they did a
whole thing and yeah he's a guy who's a
virus expertise but a virus expert his
whole life if he fucking waited until
he's 70 years old to cash in his
Illuminati chips and this is it we've
been running this scam for years I've
been pretending all these different
diseases and above all horseshit I'm
just evil looking to get paid and
finally it's coming my way
no you would have already cashed in his
chips he's not a bad guy he runs three
miles a day looks like you guys yes
healthy he looks vibrant he's the d7 now
it's three oh really
yeah cos II get busy yeah because he's
working on you know the all the stuff
I'm not look the only conspiracy that
gives me pause is when you see people
like Bill Gates saying we need a we need
some sort of a vaccination we need to
vachs
everyone's gonna be vaccinated like okay
but have there ever been a virus that's
ever been there's a real vaccine that
would work for a corona virus I don't
think there has I don't think they've
had I don't think they had a virus they
were working on a vaccine rather they're
working a vaccine for SARS but it never
happened and I don't think they've ever
had any sort of a vaccine for a corona
virus is that way he's saying he's
saying he's saying they need a vaccine
and they're gonna come up with a vaccine
and that's the solution and everybody
has to be vaccinated but I don't know if
that's even well well you know the ideas
it'll take 18 months for a vaccine maybe
or maybe they won't come up with one
right it's possible that they won't have
a vaccine in 19 months so what do you
want to do Bill and if they do have a
vaccine where's the money go for making
the vaccine who's getting paid how many
how many dollars is it where's that
money going like how is it a business
now so if you're having if you have a
vaccine that vaccine turns out that we
have to vaccinate the whole population
okay she's gonna vaccinate eight billion
people and then where's that money who
gets the money from the manufacturer the
vaccine is it you know are you gonna do
it completely egalitarian are you are
you gonna be lying yeah is it free is it
free new coronavirus vaccines are says
finding one by January is a credible
goal okay okay pharmaceutical executive
he sounds like a character in a movie
once F slowy former pharmaceutical
executive at the White House chose to
lead a crash development program
acknowledged that the 12 to 18 month
timeline cited by dr. Anthony foul she
was already very aggressive but a won by
January's possible a credible goal so
maybe it is did you say here's the thing
until they have won you can't say we got
a vaccine to everybody we're like let's
look at all the up all the possibilities
what's the matter you know January 2021
is will you say what I was like that's
that's the next well that's what some
people are saying that things are gonna
be
so you have pie so happy I'm don't you
miss it yeah yeah when people smoking
around you did you get uncomfortable no
feel free to smoke but do you get
uncomfortable no not at all
people I mean being around comedians and
but you've worked at a no no I promise
promise Joe if I ever smoked weed it
will be with you for the first time ever
that used to be all sober like full
sober and now they smoke pot yeah only
pot I did that when I didn't drink when
I was trying not to drink I smoked weed
and I definitely just made me want to
drink that's that's the problem
I get it yeah of course I of course I
miss it because it it puts like I said
it's like that fuzzy distance it puts
that nice warm fuzzy distance of between
me and kind of the harsh reality of the
world and now I'm very just present with
it but I've just been tripping out on
Sam Harris's frickin meditation app
which is like a drug
cuz his is so crazy I've done a lot of
meditation in my life a lot I'm a yogi I
come 20 I've probably done many many
years but his is so science-based and
then it's like focus on your
consciousness and now suddenly you have
to focus on the thought and it's like
what happens to the thought when you
focus on it and it fucking disappears we
share joints oh my god that's Carole
he's been tested multiple times multiple
times yeah Sam has had quite a bit of
experience with not just meditation but
all sorts of altered states of
consciousness and those silent retreats
he goes to those silent retreats with it
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's hard yeah so
yeah when I was in Sri Lanka
was the last time I used LSD and I was
determined to use it intentionally and
because I couldn't hold joy I come from
a pretty chaotic upbringing and every
time I would be in a place where I was
like experiencing joy and having fun I
would panic
I couldn't experience it and I'm like
I'm gonna take this acid and rewire my
brain and I'm gonna be able to just sit
and enjoy myself and not feel like the
rug is gonna get pulled out from
underneath me and it worked I got real
lucky because I've had bad Shrek my
worst job ever I was kicking heroin and
I decided to do mushrooms because it was
the only drug I had left and it was it
was a nightmare
Hunter s Thompson apparently stole some
sign from the Farrelly Brothers Theater
do you know the Farrelly Brothers
theater and Farley Brothers what is it
the one the ones in San Francisco they
they they're the ones who produced
behind the green door with marilyn
Chambers and those there was a theater
that they had in San Francisco that was
like they do like sex acts and he stole
the sign from the theater and gave it to
this couple on there if some I think
that Jackalope had it on his Instagram
and gave the sign to the couple further
when they got married as a wedding gift
along with a bunch of acid Oh God and
the wife did the acid and lost her mind
oh sorry stay there forever this is so
sad yeah yeah although it would be cool
if you're like yeah I had a wife there
it is the Jackalope Jackalope is a guy
chatted with multiple times online he's
a hunter arrest Thompson nut so it's uh
this is the O'Farrell theater that's
what it is okay I'm thinking the
Farrelly Brothers though guys make the
funny movies yeah hunter stole this sign
from the O'Farrell theater in San
Francisco signed it and gave it to a
friend along with 20 hits of acid as a
wedding gift the bride took the acid was
committed to a mental institution and
never came back
true story that's and the one here
that's tragic
on the other hand how dope would it be
to be like yeah my bride my Hunter s
Thompson gave us a son my bride
depends love bright so the sign says
warning if observing any type of sexual
activity offends you please do not enter
this is a private theater club and we
wish to preserve the privacy of members
and avoid offense to any person
admission is limited to adults who will
not be offended should they observe any
type of sexual activity that's all
pretty freaky sign and he signed it so
he signed it at the bottom Wow
well he saw the sign even though he
doesn't have his wife do you know yeah I
mean he obviously kept it I think yeah
someone got sold someone yeah there's a
lot of stories of that people doing acid
just blue isn't it switch switch flips
and that's it
I was afraid when I was a Bernie man I'm
like I wouldn't sober did you really I
did and I was I don't know why anyone
needs drugs there I can see why they'd
want to take them but I would be the
girl that lost my mind on the playa and
left it there and never I wouldn't come
back my brain would be I can see how you
could break your brain
I mean I've definitely had those weird
experiences where you have you had this
or you kind of float out of your body
and you're like maybe I won't go back
that sounds like people at Burning Man
have that every day that's that's it to
be a bad man know why it's dirty it's
not dirty
oh it's everybody's got a mask on
because it's dusty they were the
original social just know they were well
prepared for this I was saying you know
he's having the last laugh rain as the
burners cos you have like all the masks
right right right and then they're gonna
go back and no one's gonna stop them no
they cancelled it
I think they can't don't let them
you guys are all good they're like damn
the man and they're like oh well you
can't come they're like okay this
postponed oh that's hilarious the
burners are like damn the man and the
man is like you can't have Burning Man
and they're like okay when is supposed
to be what is usually the end of August
last week of weekend of August
wow these pussies are already backing
off come on
kids come on once they come up with
elite like really effective tests
they're not even kids that burnt like
the burners are old though the people I
want with they they they've been going
forever that's even weirder
five-year-old burners I think everyone
needs to go once it is like nothing I've
ever and of course I mean I get there
someone opens a suitcase full of drugs
I'm like god dammit like no I can't
I was so close because it was during my
experimental year of sobriety and I was
determined to make it I'm like I just
got approved for myself that I'm not an
alcohol like an addict she just wanted
one full year under your belt yeah which
I did and then just kept going well no I
went then I traveled around the world
and I was like fuck best oh so that was
the Australia days yeah I got drunk
right before I left for Australia
because I'm like this is why would I go
to Australia and not drink well that's
good because that shows that you could
both quit and then get back on and then
quit again yeah but the second time I
quit I was like I want to kill myself I
don't know that I have another time in
me maybe but well don't you think that
now things are different because now
you've developed like this audience and
you have a successful podcast and people
enjoy your tweets like you have a
vicodin Gavin McGann as if I was
tweeting while I was drinking I'd be
banned from everything there's no way
I'd be I'd be somebody like the one of
the band he's the one that first ones
that comes to mind yeah Alex Jones Alec
Alex Jones I would be if I was drinking
and tweeting no way yeah well when do
those people get to come back like woody
what are we doing like if you do you put
people in jail for life I don't know
that's what we're looking these aren't
crimes right no so nothing you want
these guys done as a crime and you know
maybe I mean wait
but Alex did have some kind of legal
problems legal problems devil suit
versus the families
well there's some kind of there's
there's press there's something for a
lawsuit right there's grounds for a loss
and he's been battling this lawsuit for
quite a long time so let's assume that
gets settled when when if ever do you
let people like try it on again like but
here's the thing it's like it's not it's
well if a company owns something there's
two arguments and like there's the David
Pakman audience which is the argument
rather David's argument is that really I
hope I'm not misquoting him he'll be on
soon is that the company should have the
ability to set their own guidelines and
remove people from the platform if they
say things that they feel are
objectionable or things that don't align
with the way the company views things
the problem with that is if it gets so
big mm-hmm that the company's you know
got trillions of dollars and you know
it's seen by billions of people every
day and then who gets to make the
decision that what they're saying is
objection right I know it's and is this
an ideologically based decision or is
this it's like okay don't show murder
okay good good call let's not show
murder
you know don't say whatever about the
government
well that next one gets weird yeah don't
say this about the pandemic because
videos getting removed oh that's weird
I did a joke about this on dumpster fire
on my show on YouTube and I was like
does YouTube know what their content is
it's like half of it is people putting
yo knees up their vaginas they're like
the little jade eggs up there yo knees
they have like all kinds there's a lot
of those videos there's a lot of wacky
science being presented on YouTube
there's definitely love that but they're
trying they're I think they're ideas
they're trying to stop disinformation
and they're trying to put the kibosh on
conspiracy theories but some of the
things these people are saying is
correct well and like Shermer would
argue that the only you know morgue
speech is the only way to correct
incorrect speech yes that's what
everybody would say that'sthat's
thinking about it logically because the
problem with
silencing these people particular like
the 5g folks right this is a big one 5g
every time you try to put a 5g
conspiracy video up they take it down do
you know that I mean I've heard a lot
about the 5g but here's the thing
they'll leave up the Flat Earth ones
because they're like this is so fucking
stupid
go ahead straight 5g is like people
really believe in this we got it we got
to step in you got to step in to stop
morons from believing something to make
some sense Lil Duval had one Instagram
thing on this page that cured it all up
and he goes all u5g people it was
basically that five cheese only in five
countries aronia viruses in over a
hundred countries obviously it's not
five G that's causing this shit I know
it's so I'm with you cuz I'm pretty much
a free speech absolutist I think and and
then you know even when I was thinking I
was reading in Sam's book and he
mentioned something it has nothing to do
with free speech and I don't really know
where he stands on all this but I was
just thinking when you're talking about
how he was mentioning just how that
ideology led to someone flying a plane
into the Trade Centers you know so bad
ideology is something we have to
eradicate with more speech obviously but
it's also potentially because companies
don't want to be responsible for someone
doing something this is where I get
confused because I'm all about free
markets too and if it's my company like
fuck you if you say something is get out
of my house but they don't apply their
terms evenly so if you have Terms of
Service and you're like you can't say
this and people don't say this but they
will say you what you're saying is
inciting violence to one person and then
they'll say to another person oh you
said punch a Nazi in the face here's the
blue check exactly and so it there is a
unfair application of the Terms of
Service and I think that's where most
people get upset and like you're saying
some of that you know I don't I don't
really know anything about Milo but I do
know that he's been pretty much like D
person I don't even know if the guy can
get like a bank you know I think they
once they have trouble getting like Bank
BAE
accounts and stuff or they can't get
maybe maybe it's not bank accounts but
like venmo
you know they get banned off of the
PayPal so how are you oh I guess it's
just the early warning signs of people
interfering with being able to make a
living but how are they supposed to me
exciting that they don't want you on
their platform and if they decide if
they're in a position like it's venmo or
PayPal and that's what you're using for
donation they can say your ideology
doesn't match up with the values of our
company we're gonna kick you out but you
got to show what that ideology is like
what specifically is it like have a
conversation about it like what are you
talking about like it depends on what
you're saying because if it's someone
just saying something that's opposed to
your views politically you know like you
you gotta let people talk this shit
through yeah I mean if it's one thing if
you know I mean this racist stuff on
YouTube you could find things that are
sexist on YouTube you can find things
that are homophobic on YouTube you can
find a lot of stuff we can't decide that
the disagreeable boundary is left and
right you can't do that because there's
crazy religious stuff that you keep on
YouTube yeah there is I mean you want to
talk about conspiracy theory they take
those down they take them down but they
they still I've seen I've seen them on
YouTube but there's plenty of religious
ones the point is there's plenty of
people saying absolutely outrageous shit
that can't be real and you don't do
anything about that so when you're
talking about conspiracy theories and
you're talking about you know
ideological rifts between people it's
they're not even with it hmm something I
can even distribute but how do you think
they should address that you know
Wendy's you think these people get to
talk again or whatever which is the
insane thing that we're even saying the
fact that we're even saying like when do
we let these people talk again is
fucking insane this is what I think I
think that at a certain point in time we
have to look at whether it's the ability
to tweet something or post a video or
you know make you know an Instagram post
you have to think that this is this is a
way to express yourself that we should
all enjoy a long
with the same way we enjoy the idea of
free speech free speech and the the
ability to assemble like the ability
assemble and talk about things like this
is very similar to what these tweets are
but their primary company but it's one
of two things has to happen I think
either they have to change their
perspective and they have to allow
opposing ideas on their platform even as
heinous as they may be or we have to
find a better alternative and we have to
find a company that recognizes the flaws
in the current model or the old model
and they say look we can't do this this
is just you're you're making the divide
stronger when people find out that you
know like the Veritas stuff you know
that that guy project Veritas James
O'Keefe when he was exposing that these
Twitter executives were saying how they
were talking about the strategies they
use to silence Magga users to silence
Trump supporters and you just find
certain algorithms and things they say
and then you make it so it's difficult
to find their page like that's creepy
shit right like you gotta use yeah you
got to let people to choose what they
like and what they don't like because
there's a line and you can keep moving
that line right you can say we don't
want anyone who says anything bad you
know about XYZ and who gets to be the
arbiter of that decision and then it can
get to point where would happened to
zubi where he got banned off a Twitter
for saying okay dude for some hey
someone said I bet I could have sex with
more women than you can and he goes okay
dude and they're like violation you're
done turns out it must have been a trans
person he still doesn't even know uh-huh
and then they reviewed it and still kept
it upon review on Twitter they put it in
Twitter geo right they're basically
letting you know hey you better censor
yourself right better better fucking get
out go on the idea that you can't say
okay dude to somebody yeah because I use
dude with my girlfriends all the time
I'm talking to a female friend they'll
be like dude like it's a normal thing
men and women say to each other if
they're even if
just friends it has nothing to do with
someone who's trying to insult someone a
right I'll pretend that you're a guy
well and or misgender you that's not
what it is what bothers me is that he
said that you know and it might have
been like okay dude
but we're ascribing intent so they're
saying you meant this right in one way
even if he might have been like whatever
but here's the thing why is it okay if
that person calls you a cunt or a
fucking idiot or a moron but it's not
okay if you call them a dude yeah is
that the worst insult I missed that
whole thing I was off line dead we get
people dead naming is a that's AB anbal
offence on Twitter okay so if you used
to be a girl and then you decided to
transition to be a guy and I insist on
calling you Bridget
on Twitter I'm banned for life okay okay
is that in the Terms of Service it's a
new thing okay it's a thing that they've
adopted over the last couple of years so
this is where his okay dude falls in
line so another misgendering
misgendering is another reason you can
get banned for life okay I mean I'm all
for whatever respecting what people want
to be called but then it moves into like
when you are enforcing it now it's it
said lying kind of Jordan Peterson drew
and some respects where it's like I'll
be polite I will polite I'm not a
monster
I will respect whatever people want me
to call them if you said Bridget I want
you to call me Josefina I would call you
Josefina because I'm not an asshole yeah
you can change your name but if suddenly
Twitter was like you called him Joe I'm
gonna ban you that that gets into
another territory here's a good example
to like if you decide that you want to
be called Debbie and I'll go okay when I
speak to you the noise that comes on my
mouth will be Debbie kick the fuck off
Twitter but if you then go and my
pronouns are Z rands are I've like nope
nope nope not not making a plane I'm not
playing Dungeons & Dragons with you I'm
not you you you're either he or a she or
you can even be a vain is that so you
prefer you can't make up one eye
again like they doesn't even work it's
funny because the younger generations
much more relaxed about this are like
whatever I'll come whenever they want
like the kids these days are like I
don't care I don't they just in the same
way that I grew up and my my older folks
might have been like gay marriage and
they'd be all outraged and we were all
like I whatever here's a controversial
question there's way more kids that are
trans today yeah way more oh god is this
because they feel comfortable enough to
be trans and they've always been trans
or is it possible that it's a cultural
thing and then it seems like it's more
acceptable to be trans so they just take
a chance or they were they maybe it's
just the experimental cool thing to do
well there's a lot of people that
experiment with all sorts of things and
this is not denying trans really clear
because I don't want anybody to be upset
but there are impressionable people that
look you could tell somebody talked
those fucking Heaven's Gate guys and to
cut their balls off and waiting for the
comment it was gonna take them away to
some other planning people you could
talk someone into being gay you could
like tiger king did it have exotic
talked those guys can go and then he
sorry with Travis is really sad it is
that but this is what I'm saying it was
like can could someone talk you into
being trans or is that the one thing you
can't talk a person into being because
you could talk a person into being a
whole lot of things well I wonder too if
it's you know culturally just one of
these things that they're trying on like
a loose garment but then because they've
done a lot of society and you're not
talking about everybody no no well but
I'm just saying that maybe they've done
a lot of studies that many times when
kids experience gender dysphoria when
they're younger a lot of the time
they'll grow out of it
a lot of times they become gay men I
don't know okay hey allegedly allegedly
yes were morons would know how to phrase
that and so you put on a list I I just
what worries me is co-signing on that
and giving young kids who might grow out
of something like hormones and stuff
like that
that
where I feel like okay maybe it's in the
culture it's like the kind of cool thing
maybe or maybe it's there's more because
it's more acceptable or maybe it's just
something that you're kind of like I
there was a part of my life where I was
like a my lesbian
maybe I am I don't know I'm not but
maybe I might be something that's a
curiosity when you're younger and it
might be something that is like the cool
thing so yeah I think that we have to
accept that that's not always going to
be the case for everyone for some people
that will absolutely be the truth but
with children here's what I'm hesitant
about but what freaks me out is not
people that are like you or me they're
like oh is this a good thing to do it's
people that know it's the best thing for
the child that's what's that's what
freaks me out what freaks me out it's
people that are Pro transitioning at a
really young age 100% of the time and
they think it's amazing doctors
co-signing on this shet he's three in
these trends he's a boy
sure I mean I'll get in trouble I'll
probably get in trouble for saying it
but I just don't I maybe when you're a
yeah I don't know when you're an
adolescent up to like thirteen fourteen
I would maybe even argue I don't know I
don't know how you can cosign on that
and be like yes this child who should be
listening you know this child knows
what's best for them I want to do a lot
of fucking things when I was a kid that
that I couldn't do you know if I had
wanted to become if I was a talented
musician and wanted to go join a band
and I was some kind of phenom at 14 my
parents would have been like Oh too bad
you have to wait they would have made me
they would have said you're too young to
go do that yeah you're not going to
London with these fucking perverts
Bridget and I'm not going it's an
ideological battle ground here's the
thing it's like the people that say that
it's not something that
you should be hesitant about it's not
something that you concern you those are
the people that have a problem with it
because what what is your justification
like your your you must have some
massive generalization or there must be
a switch that you know of that I don't
that someone is definitely trans or not
trans when they're young and they're
confused yeah because it's the one thing
that they know about if you asked a
three-year-old what are you gonna be
forever and you can't change it what's
gonna be your occupation so my Turtles
yeah you know I don't know that you can
well someone had a great blind I forget
who it was I'm commenting on Twitter so
you don't let a six-year-old pick out
their outfit why would you let them pick
out their gender yeah yeah yeah so
there's that's another and again I'm not
a parent so you are you have a little
bit more ground to stand on I will get
into this argument with people and
immediately it's like well you're not a
parent kids very wildly that's why the
idea of being blanket for kids
transitioning with hormone blockers and
all this crazy shit like I had a
conversation with Adam Conover about it
and it was like a big viral moment for
this discussion and people called me a
transfer but like nothing can be further
from the case I'm not anything folk I
love everybody equally if you're if
you've got your shit together I want you
to have your shit together really do
even if you don't have your shit
together yeah but I mean if you're a
person who can talk and yeah I'm not I'm
not prejudging anybody on anything yeah
but when you start talking about
children and their future and I know
that it's synced up to a virtue it's
synced up to some sort of an ideological
virtue signaling thing that you can do
to say that you're Pro trans well we're
pro children transitioning and you're
not and then when I ask you why you're
so certain and you don't have good
answers I'm like okay this is a cult
thing you're you're in that cult and you
know there's things that you have to say
in order to be accepted by that cult
yeah that's that's what worries me is
that it's more like take away from the
children the kids are I allow for kids
to explore and whatever I think it's
great that society is more open because
phobias of any any like transphobia
homophobia these are not helpful for our
our society in general I I do
worried that parents eager to be
progressive
you know warriors for their team and in
these progressive enclaves where they're
trying to kind of out woke each other
well use their children as means to
they're like little advertisements and
it sounds horrible but it's true wow
sounds horrible but it's true you see it
in on a very small scale I used to work
at a Thai tot theater two kids at a very
like in Temescal at a camp they used to
be there and this one kid came in and
this kid must have been five or six
years old and he had a t-shirt on that
said I'd never live east of the 405 and
I was like wow you are using your child
as an advertisement for your wealth you
like he was just a little walking
billboard that said my parents are rich
basically and you see this all the time
with you know I was I was watching
doesn't necessarily mean rich it could
be Venice no I know but imagine Beach no
east of the 405 I would never live east
the 405 yeah how did she Beach is worse
than 405 that's the beach
yeah it's west but that the kid never
lived east of the 405 so I wouldn't live
in Inland Empire I wouldn't live in the
valley I wouldn't live in Encino that's
east of the 4th no actually that's west
and she knows West no they were saying I
would never live to the 405 which
Huntington Beach and all that it's west
of the 405 right all the beach
communities are west right but that's
not a rich community Huntington Beach no
I'm pretty I mean Venice anyone living
on the beach and in LA is pretty rich
Long Beach is rich that's like actually
comes from Long Beach is changing it's
not cheap but it's eight hundred
thousand dollars to get a little house
in Long Beach but isn't it also like
people on the west side are like
extremely liberal yeah yeah yeah but
anyway my point is that people often use
their kids as billboards or whatever
signaling I was watching some it was a
bunch of people protesting the lockdown
and this little kid was chanting
something I'd like dude about fake news
and I was like this this is what we do
to kids with you know sports
easy to indoctrinate children very easy
did you see that one guy that was
walking around I think Sam Tripoli had
it up on his Instagram page the guy was
walking around at the protest in Newport
Newport or might have been Huntington
Beach and this guy's walking around with
a megaphone wherever he's saying we open
back up California oh yeah Bill Gates is
the devil the Bill Gates stuff is so
funny to me it's so weird you know where
you either you either what's that
Express that quote you either you either
die a hero you live long enough to
become a villain he's be cut he's lived
long enough to become a villain right
the Gates Foundation literally gives
millions of dollars away to charity when
I was in Rome and all over the world
when you go to these any of these places
you know what he's done in Africa did
you see the whole documentary like he
built frickin toilets right off of
Africa no he's like making he literally
figure out how to fucking help them with
one of the biggest problems in Africa
and everyone's like fuck Bill Gates in
Rome everything's crumbling in Greece
because they don't there's they don't
have the money to maintain all their
antiquities and so the Gates Foundation
is everywhere keeping all of the our
history basically from like crumbling
but he fucked up instead of talking
about vaccines and people like you want
to get rich off the backs of all these
people you're gonna inject your
microchips into I did I did a Radiohead
and I didn't I know it was a like a
right-wing guy and I didn't really know
much but he he was asking me out of the
blue he's like and then did you see
Melinda Gates there's like our shit he
couldn't do it when they do these that's
oh my god now I'm like I'm not gonna get
into this whole anti gates thing but
he's done so much good yeah but to be
fair she was out there saying that it's
talking about when we should open up and
vaccines and I'm like yeah maybe just I
keep saying this if I was rich you would
never fucking hear from me right now
I would be on a beach there's so much
it's a class-4
listen it's a you would still be
spouting now stop your bullshit if
somebody gave you 100
you would wait about a month and you'd
go right back on Twitter
fuck yeah you know I'm right you know
I'm right
no I do my best tweeters alive no you're
probably right I'm right about that
you're one of the best tweeters alive
this this thing that they're doing where
they're they're telling people they're
gonna have to get vaccinated this is
what there's a part of the problem
because there's a lot of people that
have kicked this disease we got to
figure out why they kicked it whether
it's nutrition whether it's genetics
whether it we got to figure that out and
this thing that you're saying we get
everybody's got to get vaccinated no
they don't no they don't
it's we don't even know first of all you
don't even know if they're gonna be able
to nail this vaccine well they do
I hope they do yeah that's it we're it's
the weird to see the convergence of the
anti-vaxxers and all of this talk
because I wrote a piece about I was like
a satirical piece I was saying why stop
getting mad at anti-vaxxers for bringing
disease into the herd and it was all
about it because it was during like the
measles outbreaks which we've almost
eradicated and now it's making a
comeback and there's so much overlap in
those communities now at this yeah but
you can't really conflate the two
because we know how to get rid of the
measles we know we can get rid of
measles but we have something that works
right but it's a liberty thing see a
problem is whenever you start telling
people what they have to do even if it's
good for them yeah they get mad well and
even with the vaccine thing I don't like
to be so black or white about even that
because there is a conversation to be
had there is it good to have vaccines
that protect the herd immunity from
diseases we pretty much eradicated yes
because you're putting a lot of other
people at risk and pregnant moms when
they go to the waiting room and there's
so many side effects if somebody has
measles now but should they have 67
vaccines in order to attend school
including HPV like why that's not herd
immunity right why do they need to get
those california babies have you seen
the list i mean you know yeah that's
crazy so that's where i'm like well the
problem with anti-vaxxers is they do
cause people to get cavalier about this
shit and then measles makes comeback
that's real polio makes comeback
conversation is because we got rid of
that shit yeah it's just hubris but when
someone says we have to get a vaccine
and everyone's gonna have to take the
vaccine people automatically get
cautious they fight and then when that
person's a billionaire that might be
connected to the Illuminati hey
everyone's brains are broken I think
Trump broke everyone's brains everyone's
everyone's so worried because everything
becomes this partisan thing and then
it's like yeah I'll get measles to own
libs you know you there's so much I
think I'm gonna do this thing that like
cut off my nose to spite my face or
whatever that yeah I'll be a martyr yeah
hmm it's a lot it's a lot wait so but
wait I still want to know when do you
think the people should be able to like
talk again the person yeah that's a good
part this a good question well Alex
Jones at least says infowars.com he
could do that people go to that and
Gavin's got a show herself does he yes
he's telling you to but they kick him
over you do you don't know if he's on
YouTube because they they kicked him off
a lot of things a little while ago and
it didn't seem like there was a clear
reason it's like they just decided they
were gonna get rid of him interesting
I'm saying like he had been on it he had
some scandals but he had stayed on
YouTube right and basically followed the
rules right so what happened oh it is he
son he's definitely still on oh okay
he's still on okay
so heat that's interesting too right and
then I think he they have their own
thing and if you go on Telegraph they're
all there they're all hanging out it's
like the where it's like microblogging
service and I think Milo's there and
Gavin's there and it's a little bit like
Twitter but it's kind of like for the
band and for people who for the misc
yeah I saw him he was he was on one of
those things gab or something like that
talking about Milo was actual numbers he
reaches now how unsustainable it is
obviously there's a lot of people that
like him and there's a look he's a funny
guy
he says shit he really does and I don't
I don't think he's been accurately
portrayed I don't I mean I think he
definitely said some stupid shit but
that's part of the fun of what he was
doing
he's a provocateur you know and he was
definitely doing some stuff that there's
like there's a question of whether or
not there was multiple accounts that
they were using he was using - yeah you
know anonymous accounts that's that was
an accusation but Twitter didn't want to
substantiate that when I talked to him
about it because isn't there word about
the legal ramifications we address that
yeah it's it's problematic because you
end up you know as someone who's kind of
for all for free speech I often get told
that I'm bad because I and I have to
defend people whose language I don't
agree with that is what free speech is
it's not defending everyone who says
things that I love it doesn't make any
sense because that means you're right
all the time
like if you're only defending the things
that you believe in
yeah you've write all the time about
everything but I have to defend the
people who say things are even atrocious
and that I can't I would never get on
board with because in that's what free
speech is otherwise and like you said it
is that slippery slope of who gets to be
the arbiter of what is said right and
what are you what are your guidelines
and when I'm saying this about letting
people do it like or arguing against
ideas that you don't agree with like you
should be able to or not to you should
be able to express yourself and respond
to the criticisms that you receive orden
or choose not to yeah but the idea that
only my ideas should get broadcast
because your ideas are contrary to my
ideas I'm gonna cut off the pipeline for
you to express those and work those out
and look there's a lot of people that
had some terrible ideas early in their
life and then they changed yeah is that
um there's that guy what's his name
Christian Pete Cellini
who was in the KKK he was in some sort
of white supremacist organization when
he was young and now he talks about the
dangers of these organizations it's like
me being
see when I was young people change not
reduce and you have to be able to if
there's no path to redemption right what
is the point right so we leave people
with nothing nothing and and
hopelessness is the worst so if you're
taking everything away from somebody and
then you're saying you're you're in the
bad place now forever yeah what is their
incentive to even open their mind and
have a different why not just double
down let's give a recent example here's
a Greece an example good one London real
London real had interview with David
Icke I don't know who any of these
people okay
London real is a popular YouTube show
okay and they had an interview with
David Icke David Icke is a conspiracy
theorist and thinks that the elites turn
into lizards he says have seen their
eyes shift okay this is he talked about
it on this podcast seen their eyes shift
yes I've seen their eye shift okay right
there you should be like okay this is
fun this is fun time this guy thinks
that the fucking the Queen's and lizard
lady right but you want to look out for
people that are so fucking dumb that
they're like whoa did you hear about the
lizard people yeah they're really
there's people hey so what right so what
okay great this is evolution here we're
stopping we're stopping the flow of
evolution because if if look this is how
I feel about televangelists right if
you're so dumb you want to give Joel
Olsteen all your money even though
you're poor because you think that
somehow others is gonna save you and
God's grace is gonna be upon you because
you you tithe all your money to Joel
Olsteen he drives around a Bentley and
you're happy for him yeah okay that's
that's legal yeah as dumb as fuck but it
doesn't work on you it works on only the
dumbest of dumb piece so they're like oh
I guess it's okay this is the same thing
yeah it's the same thing if you're so
fucking dumb you really believe that
David Icke seen people's eyeballs shift
over and that there's lizards that are
secretly transforming into politicians
and then going back to lizards when no
one's looking come on yeah come on
so if you take that guy off you just
make them bigger yeah there's a giant
story yeah that this David Icke podcast
was removed from YouTube keeps getting
removed
it's like that planned amick documentary
that everybody keeps sending me oh yeah
yeah it gets removed and then people
upload it everywhere we get uploaded
everywhere they're trying to hide the
truth just leave it alone
yeah gave a fuck about that David Icke
interview I mean it would because it's
on London real and it's a popular
program so some people were to watch it
but nobody would have really thought
that the fucking lizard people are there
nobody would and the people that do
think that they're gonna think anything
you could talk him into cutting their
balls off and ride in the fucking
comment and join your people but the
thing is like you gotta let that exist
yeah you gotta let these web but they
will with some shit they will with the
flat earth people yeah it's weird maybe
that earth should have still up oh I
know I know
but they get to the five gene they're
like nope too much to my ass so David
Icke was talking about 5g and I said I
don't even what I read brother
I don't even ex I didn't watch the whole
thing but I don't even think he was
saying that 5g causes it but he was
doing some why he was doing some wacky
we literally a weird a tequila
conspiracy shit yeah living just weird
weird yeah it's only getting weirder but
here's what's interesting
okay this is what we need to accept
about people like David Icke and a lot
of these people there's clearly a lot of
entertainment value and someone saying
preposterous shit that any intelligent
person knows it's not true
there's some weird entertainment value
and someone that really does believe
that aliens live amongst us and that
they're shapeshifters and that if you
look back all of our leaders have all
been related together and they're part
of one gene pool that the ancient
Sumerians brought together they came
here from pranit Nibiru and there's
there's something I mean really
entertaining a biology not just
Scientology there's a there's a lot of a
lot of it right so people watch my
youtube show now I know but you never
saying like there's a this isn't it's
kind of an art form mmm this is what I'm
thinking it's an arm entire it is a kind
of performance art along with
little bit of horseshit and some people
is that a crazy stand-up guy Andy
Kaufman yes it's like everyone to become
Andy Kaufman right Alex Jones it's funny
than Andy Kaufman's ever been Alex Jones
is fucking hilarious often did you see
the whole bill hit that he's Bill Hicks
no I went down there that's the silliest
shit I know but there are videos but he
had a one thing we're talking about like
if it's between his family starving or
eating his neighbor I'll eat your ass I
became this jack come on
do you don't think there's an
entertainment value and him saying fire
right but there's something to that like
to bit to stop that and ban that you're
you're not that you're not stopping
anyone from you know you're not stopping
anybody from anything bad by not having
Alex do this entertaining thing about
eating his neighbor you're not saving
anybody yeah you know I'm saying but you
got it you got it like what are you
doing like what is he doing it so awful
I don't know how to fix any of it cuz
it's it's entertaining like why is it
only acceptable if you have some kind of
entertainment cuz there's so many rap
videos that you could watch that I enjoy
but they're talking about shooting
people and robbing people and it's
everywhere on YouTube yeah so prevalent
yeah and some other that's okay like
it's fucking weird what's allowed and
what's not allowed yeah I it's a I guess
I didn't I underestimated the culture
wars I never really I didn't I kind of
stumbled half-ass into them it's
complicated it's so complicated and it's
not just a or you know it's not like one
tribe or another has I I'm very
skeptical of anyone who's all in on like
100 percent this is the way 100 percent
Cove is gonna kill us all we should stay
in a hundred percent we should open
everything fucking back up let it ride
there's somewhere in the middle you know
what's the Rosetta Stone of the culture
war
- catchy 6:9 that fucking rapper dude
with stupid tattoos all over his face in
the rainbow hair who was a rat
he ratted out all these gang members and
texted program and now he's that well
what was it was it wasn't in the
protection program but he why is he got
a much lighter sentence because he
ratted on people because the rap culture
has always been no rats snitches get
stitches that's always been the culture
he is now the most popular rapper on
earth he has a video that he just
released a few days ago that is what is
it now a hundred and fifty million views
on the video Wow what is it okay it's
probably more than that I said 150 but
that was probably yesterday 159 right
now 9 million views boy it's terrible
why does that make him the rosetta stone
though because there's no logic there's
no logic to anything people are doing if
you're trying to look for logic in
what's popular or human behavior or what
people were really excited about like
what's scaring them what's what's good
and what's bad this is the guy that's
Takeshi 6:9 I thought you meant I
thought you meant he was like the the
the key to translating ass is the key to
translate ok it's all nonsense
he's nonsense it's nonsense the world is
filled with nonsense if people are
paying attention to this nonsense and
frantic about this nonsense it's even
creepier with them sound off oh it's
terrible I've never heard or what the
sound done well it's standard rap
braggadocious rap shit it's nonsense but
people love it look it's kind of
entertaining I mean that's got a good
beat - I'd love to do it but does it
have a hundred and fifty million Verte
worth beep I don't think so I mean cause
it clown world isn't that what everyone
says it's clown world the world yeah
like we live in a clown world we do kind
of live in clown world
it's idiocracy it's something what
happened yet so much we had it all and
we're just pissing it away boom bounce
back do you think yep you're so you're
ultimately
after our long-winded and slightly
terrifying conversation about the
culture ultimately who do you think do
you think battens gonna make it to the
election well it's gonna be a joke if he
does the idea that people are you think
trying to get on Biden I don't think if
they let the two of them talk in the
same room and have some sort of a debate
I think I think Donald Trump's gonna
eviscerate him yeah I don't everything's
gonna be close
yeah he still has his wits he's still
sharp he still mean I know he's still
well-prepared with the digs and how he
calls him sleepy Joe I know I'm see how
dismissive he was he's a troll but do
you see how dismissive he was when he
was talking about something that Biden
said Joe the Vice President Joe Biden
said he goes first of all Biden said
didn't say that he goes a democratic
operative said that he goes Biden
probably doesn't even know this is
happening it's funny he has these ads on
Facebook Trump that are all like anti
they're like oh he's to all the way
years are four years apart the coach
have you seen Trump's 404 pages on his
website yet oh my god there I'll show
you this is fucking hilarious
he trolls everyone like when you can't
find something it's like rare page
I think stock I think that's made it
into one of our earliest episodes of
dumpster fire because we caught we have
a whole segment on the show called troll
in chief and it's basically like every
week what the fuck is he doing - who is
eat rolling now do you want to see the
most adorable Trump thing yeah there's a
lady who put together this that's okay
oh my god here's your's losses me that's
this 404 which Warren won - aren't you
looking for something that doesn't exist
I mean how do you come on that's this
guy understands the culture Google once
you to look up
hashtag toddler Trump on Instagram oh I
saw this this lady made this face swap
video that's worthy of Kyle Dunnigan
it's a Trump's face on a baby and she
starts talking to the baby
accusing the baby of doing things of the
babies they
have you seen it right but the lady
let's give the lady credit who made it
she's uh actually got a bunch of funny
shit on her Jimmy Kimmel credits doctor
fakin Stein so oh is it
yeah okay perfect so again I don't think
this lady attributed back to you know
being the arbiter of what's on line with
the deep fakes and shit it's gonna get
so wild give me some volume on this go
from the beginning Jimmy Kimmel's
talking in oh this is the Jimmy Kimmel
one no no no hashtag on Instagram go to
a toddler hashtag toddler trump okay
it's you stuff it's adorable but it's
honestly terror also terrifying deep
fakes are terrifying they are yeah
that's it this one is particularly cute
though
yeah here I'll send you the I found it
here it is there's a penis that's it
[Music]
like a miracle yes use it only 15 people
to have it and it would go down close to
zero
you said chloroquine would treat it you
that said better try injecting
disinfected China for being transparent
[Music]
throughout January and
oh come on if you see it I just love it
somehow first of all the ladies abusing
her baby because she's accusing the baby
or something that baby clearly doesn't
video the baby that they over does yeah
stop it 100% what happened no you don't
know shit like you're the kind of person
who believe imagine if your kid actually
had Trump's little face
like what do we do man if your kid was
born and that wasn't a real baby
Ola who wasn't even a Face Swap just
people that got the kid got a fucking
shithead to roll the dice
kids got a seven-year-old man's face
fuck do we do and you're like in a
liberal place looks like Trump you
taking him to the supermarket he was
born this way we voted for pence I mean
I like that that's the Internet at its
best as we're in Syrian stuff like that
there's no pens can be President like if
Trump some what if he dies what if Trump
gets koban and dies that would be that's
not happening what if pence won hey what
if whatever they're real do you think
this country would handle president
pence yeah I mean well now yeah but it
doesn't matter because now that the
culture wars it's just he's right red
and blue yeah we are deep and or deep I
people are always talking about how the
Civil War is coming and I'm like that's
ridiculous
I don't know if the Civil War is coming
but something's happening there's a
violent split between two sides here and
I think we're using it as it's sort of a
focus of our frustration and our
attention that's not necessarily
rational well everything it is
everything's become political yeah
everything what is the focus of our
attention instead of like the the
distraught feelings that we're having
because our life's been turned upside
down by a virus then it's become Trump's
fault
Trump's fault no it's first of all it's
that lab in Wuhan or the wet market yes
that's what happened yeah okay that's
that's whose fault it was
was it their fault
they didn't stop sooner yeah but a lot
of people didn't know what the fuck was
going on was there bad mistakes made
yeah but it's a lot of it's touch-and-go
what did China do a wrong thing yeah
they fucked up hard and you can't listen
to them you can't trust them did the
World Health Organization carry their
water and have their back yes they do
you can't trust them did didn't who can
you trust yeah I wonder what the fuck
this was that's the problem though would
you let me live in a world in society
where people don't know who to trust so
it's easier to just get on board
somewhere ideologically for your own
brain you know we need we need like a
news Snopes but a good one like one
something that breaks down the news and
says okay is this true here's why it
isn't and here's what we know because
what we don't know and here's where it
gets confusing it's so much entertained
I was watching that interaction that
Trump had with the reporter the other
day and it was one the Chinese lady yeah
and there's Chinese American the woman
yeah and the the interaction his
interactions with the press are my least
favorite if and I was saying this before
we started if if this was like a movie I
was watching I'd be rooting for the
meteor
there's no likable you know the press
thinks they're david-and-goliath but
it's really like Goliath and Goliath and
all the people just desperately looking
for truth are the little David's out
there trying to get make sense of it but
it's not there's no everybody's so
narcissistic there was that freaking
thing last night on Anderson Cooper head
you know they had Greta on and then they
talked to Greta and then he manages to
take precious time during a pandemic to
talk about the fact that people on
Twitter were giving him shit because
they put Greta thun thun Berg on there
as an expert I'm like how do you guys
manage to always fucking make the news
about you there's so much shit going on
in the world and you're worried that
people called you out because yeah
nothing says this isn't an overblown
hoax
per head like there are people who think
this is a hoax and there are people who
think that it's a doomsday call the
pandemic and then the way that they're
gonna calm people down is by putting
Greta
hey but did you see see CNN had this
thing where Rand Paul was talking to
doctor foul Qi and then this is the
title of the argument or the title of
the article was something along the
lines of Rand Paul says to to doctor
foul Qi you're not the end-all here his
response
you know what it really said what he
really said he went and over this first
of all Rand Paul is a real doctor he's a
doctor
yeah second of all he's had kovat mm-hmm
he survived he looks like it needs some
vitamin D he survived it and he also
survived with a fucked-up lung that he
got when his neighbor attacked him and
broke his ribs right near to remove a
piece of his lung so this guy was in
rough shape before he got Kovac and then
was describing to doctor foul Qi his
reservations about the advice that foul
Qi is given and then the direction the
the current government is the way the
way they're handling this in terms of
like locking people down and making
people stay at home and he had some
reservations about that it wasn't simply
like he like said some awful thing to
doctor foul she like you're not the
end-all he said basically with all due
respect as much as I appreciate you or
as much as I respect you I don't think
you're the end-all for this and that dr.
fellows response was I am NOT the
end-all for and what I am is a
biological virus scientist or whatever
the fuck he is I explained what he died
mean he handled it well too but you look
at the the title of the video was so
misleading the title from the video
could have been Rand Paul and doctor
foul Qi in an exchange but you can't
trust anybody who doesn't give you that
cuz that's what the thing really was way
anybody who doesn't give you that yeah
is fucking with you they're pulling your
strings
nobody's but again when the news became
a business it became a problem it was it
was I now its incentivized
all their all the it's perverse
incentives I know but don't you think
that there was a place where you knew
that didn't take place there would be
value in that in this in this crazy
battleground yeah yes I
but there's no institutional support for
it I don't know about that I think if
someone did something like that on the
Internet
I mean I believe and I don't agree again
with like everything Rand Paul says but
I do think what was the bill that didn't
get passed because he's fucking the the
Patriot Act came up yesterday parts of
the Patriot Act came up for renewal and
there was a basically yesterday wasn't a
bill passed that some amendments that
were good it was an amendment and they
were supposed to pass an amendment that
was against the so I think it's like
internet searches without a warrant yes
so now they can search because Bernie
and a bunch of other people didn't show
up to vote now they can search our
searches without a warrant yeah Matt
Taibbi tweeted about that like all the
people that are Pro Bernie like look
what he did yeah I obviously that's not
good I'm not but again you're not
hearing that stuff gets lost
no that's the shit that makes me want to
like burn everything down because our
our freedoms those are the ones the
freedoms that are actually getting
passed through and I think only like 14
Democrat Democrats voted against it I
don't I don't how is that not a huge
part of the news today because no
because people actually get fucking
pissed off about stupid petty shit
because I think they can get their minds
around it and when it comes down to like
oh they can now search your internet
searches without a warrant everyone's
like I can't deal with I don't yeah but
Bill Maher told Rose McGowan in the 90s
it has a huge cock why aren't we
marching in the streets why I know
there's so much data coming in because
we can't merchants like that yeah that's
the thing I'm wondering what's gonna
happen in California I have a friend of
mine that I respect very much and he
sent me these messages today he goes
they're gonna fucking riot he goes
people are not gonna tolerate California
being locked down until August house
people that are not gonna just stand by
while their families go hungry and
there's no money coming in like these
bureaucrats and politicians don't
understand what they're saying what
their ass
and he said they're gonna ride I just
think they're not in touch with people
the politicians I mean they think that
you know I hear online they're like oh
it's all these like rich people who are
mad that and they're this doesn't affect
I'm like who do you think I go to the
beach with it's not it's the people who
are living in 'land it's not like rich
people have pools they're not mixing
with us sleeves down at the beach
I think it's plebs plebs I mean these
plebs but I always say please yeah it's
they work with politicians they're
they're you know like when you're around
comics and you think you could say
things because you used to saying crazy
shit around comics look crazy when
you're around people and you just drop a
word that you probably shouldn't say and
people are oh yeah just a cunt you can
call her a dumb cunt like and people
just like really fall apart like I'm
sorry I'd say things that are purposely
wrong on it for fun like that's part of
okay I won't do that around you know
okay but not you I'm saying you know
when you're around people that aren't
common yeah yes well I do all the time
well that's how politicians are yeah
around politicians all the time yeah so
they're saying stupid shit that doesn't
really resonate with people that are
actually losing their livelihood that
was like that one chick who she's like
responsible for the a b5 bill and she
said to like fuck Elon Musk on Twitter
he's I think she's destroyed like
livelihoods long before the pandemic
came along she was fucking people up
how was she fucking people she because a
b5 makes it impossible to be a freelance
contractor basically you either have to
you it was why freelance writers were
trying to get her to make revisions and
now she has two more bills that are
revising and like when your bill is so
bad that you need other bills to try and
fix it because she didn't think of all
the consequences of this bill what is
the bill a b5 it's a bill that makes it
essentially it was supposed to make it
so these gig workers had to become
employees and theoretically it's I mean
everyone says that it's because she's
basically in the union's pocket so
you either need to join a union or
become an employee but most people in LA
myself included are freelance so it made
it so you can't do more than 32
freelance pieces per month for example
and so people in California we're losing
their writing contracts because
companies in DC and places in New York
were like we don't want to deal with
this because we basically have to make
you an employee otherwise we'll get a
fine so you have to either make some
it's it basically kills your ability to
be a freelance worker Wow yeah it's nuts
if you haven't I'm not an expert on this
my friend Kiera Davis she's down
she is like deep down the rabbit hole
and she's been you know fighting for
because it hurts like manicurists it
hurts anyone who's basically freelance
anyone who gets anyone who gets a why am
i blinking on it what is it where you
get like a freelance if you hired a
designer you know up to a certain amount
of money you have to basically make them
employee it's messed up Oh Jim OH
tonight 1099 yeah if so and it's it's
just like completely messed up so people
were have been yelling it Gavin through
this whole thing about during the
pandemic they're like you have to
overturn a b5 because now you're hurting
people you're this bill is hurting
people who can make money at a time
where they can't even make money at all
and yeah I can't believe you usually
thinks no I know but a b5 is in
California and it's like it's fucked a
lot of people up in particular freelance
anything photographers writers makeup
artists anyone who basically gets paid
not by salary so do you think we're not
buying the union's talked them into
passing it this way it's something to do
with the uber driver at the the
rideshare drivers because there her
argument is that it's to protect workers
like uber and lyft drivers who the
company can say you are you're working a
gig and we don't need
to protect you at all or give you any
kind of benefits or give you sick time
or anything or insurance or anything and
so it forces you to either join a union
basis but there so her argument is that
it's protecting vulnerable people from
being exploited by these big
corporations which there has to be a way
to do that without forcing everybody
either to become an employee because
she's saying basically you can't work
like she said to me as a freelance
writer you cannot work you can't write
more than 32 freelance pieces per month
or you will have to join you'll have to
be employed by whoever you might be
writing now if you're a freelance writer
some of my friends are cranking like a
hundred of these things out it's how
they make their living so I don't know
it's it yeah there are people who are
much more educated on this than I am I I
know very little about it but because
basically the way you protect yourself
if you're someone like me who all I get
1099 by everyone I get 1099 my patreon
you have to incorporate so I have to
become a corporation but that costs
eight hundred dollars in California just
to incorporate so not everybody has the
money to become a corporation and that's
the way that you could protect yourself
from getting a fine because if I made a
certain amount of money or if I wrote a
certain number of pieces I would be
fined for not having either the person
that works for me would be fine I again
I'm not exactly sure how it works
because I had to just take measures and
incorporate but not everybody can do
this right so that's a bummer that
sounds like there was good intentions
but it just got fucked I wish that I
could believe that but just seeing the
way she behaves even when anyone calls
her out I mean they're repeat there's a
whole website devoted to people who are
telling stories of how I had three
friends who were writers who had to
leave California so people were leaving
California before any of the pandemic
because they couldn't make their living
here anymore and this was her and it was
because of her bail she totally fucked
over all these people single mom
like people who are supposed to be the
people that in theory she was protecting
and there's a whole website with story
after story after story
Lorena what's her last name
Gonzalez just the fact that she's the
one who went after Elon just tweeting
fuck you on my come on that's it
politics of virtue signaling move but I
mean again I can't we have a president
who's tweeting you know there's like no
civility in politics anymore provides
jobs that's true that's one thing that
Trump did that really eroded it was his
lack of civility encouraged lack of
stability among these young politicians
that are coming up like and that's where
you see things like Elon Musk
imagine if you saw a politician say that
tech my god I can't I can't believe it
every time I hear it I still feel insane
yeah you'd be insane you wouldn't
believe it was real no how is that real
yeah that it's it's something that I
wish got more attention and it's
definitely something that was turning
people read before all of the pandemic
in the lockdown when Tulsi Gabbard was
on she said fuck a couple of times and I
was like no she yeah it's a lot of
people were already kind of leaving
because of this and there's out sent
when we're done I'll find you a whole
website when he's got real problems
right now and especially again if these
other states open up and they control
everything and they do all right
and they don't have massive deaths I
mean one thing that I I have read is
that Sweden did have a larger number of
deaths than people of countries of a
similar size because there's been this
narrative oh yeah they did it right they
did it right there it's not true though
I think once you actually dig down into
it there's more again more nuance for
that exactly yeah that's what I read
today that it wasn't necessarily but
also what Sweden did they did because
they thought it was the right thing for
them that's a whole different way to
live they live in little villages
there's not that many of them so it's
not a giant ass fucking country like
America the idea that you should have
the same law for Idaho in Boise or in
the fucking mountains as you have for
New York City is bonkers yeah that's
crazy like you can't have that yeah it
is
kinda interesting that the states get to
choose how they handle this yeah yeah I
mean that's what it should work that I'm
actually glad to see that that's yet the
bed and the other weirdest part of this
whole fucking clusterfuck that we've
been talking about is watching the Trump
is literally Hitler crowd for a while
they were all calling for him to
institute Marshall Hwa like you guys are
crazy
the governor said that the governor said
that today he was talking about martial
law why well no good but he they want to
try to institute federal marshal lab
like you want the guy that you're saying
is literally Hitler to take over the
whole country and not let every state do
they're supposed to do do you even hear
yourselves right because they don't want
people deciding in this state that they
should be able to open up early
it's what I'm trying to understand it's
that's what I didn't bring up too fast
but a federal judge that just passed
something that said Los Angeles sounds
like a week to move all homeless people
away from the vicinity of a freeway or
underpass shelter good-o
unreasonably dangerous a lot of people
to live in areas that may be
contaminated with lead and other toxins
or that carry increased risk of being
injured or killed in a car crash or
earthquake wait a minute no they should
move them because it's not supposed to
be there what about the fact that
they're like it's unreasonable to let
them get Tyson he was compelled to
intervene because neither the city or
county appeared to be addressing this
problem with any urgency no they're not
doing shit look Gavin are gavin newsom
our governor was the mayor of san
francisco
have you been to Venice since this no
because they put they made all the
market Pete you know how you go down to
Venice and there would be all the booths
well you can't do that and nobody's
allowed out and it's like a tent city
they're everywhere well you know they
did a purpose tent city in Brentwood
okay oh yeah the big one by the veterans
that's crazy
they have American flags on their tents
I'm like did that come with the tent
they gave ya never gonna move they're
never gonna move so if your personal
funds they're nice tents so if they're
looking at that and then they're you
know if you're gonna buy a house in
Brentwood like you're gonna you invest
it all your money you've saved you
finally we're gonna put our
first money down on a home honey 2.3
million dollar 1200 square foot over
yeah the good news is we found a spot in
Brentwood the bad news is three feet
from the homeless shelter so you're
gonna hear people do meth and fucking
shoot heroin in the middle of the night
I was shocked it's like the hole around
the whole park and in it well they're
around the park of the people that don't
want to follow the rules so inside the
inside the park there's a social
distance you have to keep your tent X
amount of feet apart but outside they
lucky man I'm over here I'm a rebel so
there's people in the outside with their
own tents so you've got the inside tent
people that are the rule following
homeless people and then you get the
outside ten people that don't give a
fuck just outside the park
San Francisco they put them in hotels
and give him weed and booze I was like
I'd say let's I was joking that that
seems like a good way to solve their
housing crisis just incentivize
homelessness if you left where would you
go uh it's funny because I've been
thinking about leaving before everybody
was thinking about leaving and now that
everybody is I'm like this is like when
everyone was reading Harry Potter I'm
like no well I sound 'he's like that
bill was the first alarm right there
have been a couple arms i mean for me i
can't i'm not wealthy and i can't get
ahead i want a house you know i was i
was looking at arizona actually i was
great yeah and i was looking around
there and it's close enough to I I liked
Tucson you know it's hot as fuck but um
Prescott is interesting it's much cooler
there but it's a like a retirement
community from what I can tell we've
also don't know a lot of hippies there
I'm gonna start a cult
so don't is a spot for you maybe just
start talking about energy I was I was
thinking about Texas you know like
everybody but that's the problem
everybody's thinking about Texas and
it's getting their wild and free for now
until everybody moves there and votes
like a web that's what they did Nevada
you know Nevada's governor is a Democrat
where where would yes sir your thing
my taxes I thought are you really gonna
go you're sorry I don't know if the
comedy stores gonna exist why because
it's been shut down for months and it
might continue to be shut down we don't
know when they're gonna be able to have
a live show again yeah we don't know
yeah
what if it's 2021 what if it's somewhere
around one very capable of next year
yeah I mean if it's not making money
that spot would be very hard if you
owned it not to just be like all right
it's gonna be a high-rise listen this
whole world right now I'm saying listen
like I know but the whole world in a
year from now is going to be
unrecognizable the whole world this kind
of a disruption of the economy is
unprecedented we've never had it
worldwide
no-one's ever had it yeah sound like
things are just gonna start back up
again people that would work forever are
starting from scratch this is what's so
frustrating to people because
politicians for the most part are not
people that are successful
businesspeople they're politicians
timers and they're getting in to dictate
how professional businesses operate and
run and what they need to stay open and
what they need to stay alive and their
solution to everything is we'll get them
we'll send them money
and but in the funds did you see the
Pelosi's fund this is what they would
they put in a bunch of like like
provisions for women who own cannabis
businesses and shit it's like a social
justice warriors dream it's I feel like
again I I hate to be like both sides
girl but I think everybody is that's a
bit of a grab grab bag for everybody and
that's how it always is with politicians
right now with the bailouts I'm so like
no bailouts like fuck all these
especially the cruise ships fuck you
they're not even American I know they're
not even supposed to be here I know it's
outrageous that's what we put the
homeless people put them on the cruise
ships now we're talking about that
because then the amount of money that
acrost a week it's like a hundred bucks
a week yeah you'd be on a cruise ship
like that's like less than $25 but
better day I'll get it I think of course
well they'll be fine
they'll be like prisoners will they get
it but everybody's ASA I just everytime
the cruise ship stuff comes up I think
about Bill burrs routine oh he has a
routine on cruise ships yeah
whole thing about that so he's gonna
like within out the population if he's a
dictator
it's on the most recent walk your way
out I think no not the most recent one
it's the one in between yeah yeah that's
the one I haven't seen is so I saw the
black and white one and I saw the paper
tiger ones excellent it's really good
the balls my favorite that's probably
that's my favorite really the I don't
know paper tiger is really good too very
good I was listening to it I was
watching the I didn't I don't know if I
saw the whole thing and then one day I
was in my room and my roommate was
watching it and all I heard was
screaming for like 25 minutes and I was
like what are you watching she's like
Bill burr I was like oh wow you got
angry that's bad I thought she was
watching did something but yeah I'm
she's screaming laughing no he was
screaming from the television I'm like
what are you watching oh I thought it
was her she was screaming at him yeah it
was funny it was really that's a good
idea though but but homeless people on
the cruise ships would that's really
solve the problem because it costs Jamie
and I were talking about it with Tim
Tillman it cost like a hundred and five
dollars for a week like you can't eat
for $105 for a week yeah right if you
only got 100 bucks a week for food you'd
be kind of fucked but goddammit you know
if you want to eat healthy you'd have to
go McDonald's like that's well yeah ten
bucks a day is $70 for the week imagine
living on ten bucks a day for food you
have to you have to eat fast food or
really good food but even if you ate
steak and fish yeah yeah that's what's
more than ten bucks a day yeah you know
a healthy $105 I loved him for nights
okay that's not bad that's different
were we looking at a carnival one before
maybe we should do a stand-up show on a
cruise are they up and running they are
up and running no this is for September
it says so but in September they are
what if we take all of sand out calm
to the cruise lines why do that wooden
go to Texas Texas Congress the cony
comes around Houston comedy club Houston
improv xopen that Callens there next
weekend okay okay he said yeah what is
today's date mm-hmm I think kalons
they're the two guys I love that two
weeks all of that angst the energy for
me has been going I've just been pouring
it into like my it's basically me
yelling in my garage my neighbors must
think I'm insane
and dumpster fire but it's not the same
you know I have to to my roommate
Samantha and my cousin that's my
audience and I just am like well and
then sold out of course it's sold out
BAM I mean this is this is the this is
the difference this is the thing that
could make me move
what stand up being able to go do things
yes my friend in Austin
Adam Curry he texted me he goes I went
to a restaurant
whoo it was like wow yeah he was telling
me about it yeah he did weeks ago yeah
mmm Texas it was like two weekends ago
he went to a restaurant Texas yeah
there's a great book that I was reading
it was all about the genius of the Texas
Constitution and why no matter how many
people from and I'm not exactly sure why
so don't even ask me to explain it but I
should find the book it's basically like
their Constitution is so good
you couldn't become California even if
everybody in California move there
really sorry I have to find this book
it's really it's interesting I'm just
not that well they were Republic right
they were they were like there were a
unit could actually secede from the
union
they weren't they say it might at this
rate they might it might be worth it for
them who knows this this fucking thing
is so weird like the world is a
different place than it was in January
January rolled around you had one idea
of the world and here we are in May and
it's a different world number that
that's never happened before without
some sort of a monstrous
I mean it has I think terrestrial event
or war yeah other than
what's ever happened like this where
everybody got shut down financially yeah
that's that's what's the positive side
of things I think is that businesses
will start again hopefully people will
get through this they'll be resilient I
think people are and I think also people
will understand that it can go away
right and so will be much more hesitant
to give up the reins like we did this
time I was on mothers on Mother's Day
and it was basically in Brentwood and it
was like everyone was out there's
traffic again yeah people were driving
around yeah following the rules no no no
but will be much more hesitant to give
up the reins this irresponsible
government they didn't know what they
were doing and they pretended they did
and once they had an idea and they were
implementing that idea they refused to
be flexible and they changed the
goalposts is Elon actually leaving he's
thinking about leaving he doesn't know
what to do we opened up his plan he's
like fuck you arrest me the cops on the
beach they were like please leave the
beach and everyone's like fuck you you
know I'm Moscow's a goddamn bullhorn
though yeah and also he's right like
he's talking about the the the
statistical numbers this is not what you
said it was going to be this is why
everything's shut down cuz you were
worried it was gonna be far more fatal
than it is it's not it's not that bad
regardless of treatments it's terrible
for people get it when their body goes
bad but it's not as big of a pandemic as
we were all worried about those marbles
that sounds for anybody you lost anybody
no I that's the thing too I have friends
who are nurses and on the front lines
and it's a very you know because we're
not exposed to it it's a very different
experience for it's almost like you live
in two different worlds and people who
are on the front lines they're in a war
yeah and they leave and we're all like
Charlie why can't we open up yeah and
they're like fuck you you're right
you're right good point and then there's
people that are also in hospitals where
they're being furloughed because they
can't work there's no one there and the
hospitals are going bankrupt I know it's
very it's it's a clusterfuck it's a
closer fuck we have no solutions but we
did talk shit for four hours whoo who's
like three hours and 20 minutes right
dude marathon just flow we did
it was fun thank you I'm glad I'm glad
we got you in here and we need to do
this more often
well sometime one of the only guests
that can come now yeah well there's
people in California still good I think
we're gonna be able to we're gonna be
alright
check we're gonna be okay Bridget I'm
sir fire on YouTube tell your audience
will like it I don't love it eleven
walk-ins welcome podcast and and Bridget
pedasi everywhere Bri dget
PhD TAS why always a pleasure project
thank you for having me so fun bye
everybody